Skip to main content The homepage Tech Reviews Science Entertainment AI Policy The homepage Navigation Drawer Login / Sign Up close Search Light System Dark Tech Amazon Apple Facebook Google Microsoft Samsung Business See all tech Reviews Smart Home Reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Headphone Reviews See all reviews Science Space Energy Environment Health See all science Entertainment TV Shows Movies Audio See all entertainment AI OpenAI Anthropic See all AI Policy Antitrust Politics Law Security See all policy Gadgets Laptops Phones TVs Headphones Speakers Wearables See all gadgets Verge Shopping Buying Guides Deals Gift Guides See all shopping Gaming Xbox PlayStation Nintendo See all gaming Streaming Disney HBO Netflix YouTube Creators See all streaming Transportation Electric Cars Autonomous Cars Ride-sharing Scooters See all transportation Features Verge Video TikTok YouTube Instagram Podcasts Decoder The Vergecast Version History Newsletters Archives Store Verge Product Updates Subscribe US Marshals arrest the Tate brothers in Miami Comments Drawer Comments Loading comments Getting the conversation ready... Policy Policy Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Policy News News Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All News Tech Tech Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Tech US Marshals arrest the Tate brothers in Miami The two are facing new charges of rape, sex trafficking, and ‘extreme pornography’ in the UK. The two are facing new charges of rape, sex trafficking, and ‘extreme pornography’ in the UK. by Terrence O'Brien Terrence O'Brien Weekend Editor Posts from this author will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All by Terrence O'Brien Jul 19, 2026, 2:20 PM UTC Andrew and Tristan Tate talk to the media on March 23, 2025 in Romania. Image: Andrei Pungovschi/Getty Images Terrence O'Brien Terrence O'Brien Posts from this author will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All by Terrence O'Brien is the Verge’s weekend editor. He’s covered the tech industry for over 18 years and knows a thing or two about synths. The manosphere influencers Andrew and Tristan Tate were arrested Saturday in Miami by US Marshals in relation to new rape and sex trafficking charges in England. According to the Associated Press , British authorities are seeking the brothers’ extradition. The new charges facing Andrew Tate include seven counts of rape, three of sex trafficking, three counts of assault, and “19 charges relating to sexual images of children and extreme ‘pornography,’” according to the The New York Times . Tristan Tate faces two new charges of rape, one of sexual assault, and three of sex trafficking. This is in addition to the 21 charges already announced in 2025 by British authorities, plus ongoing investigations in Romania and the US. The brothers had previously been indicted in Romania on trafficking and rape charges, but a judge threw the indictment out over procedural issues. Many believe the lifting of travel restrictions on the two and the judge’s decision may have been related to a pressure campaign by the Trump administration on the Romanian government. The White House was also accused of intervening on Andrew Tate’s behalf last year when customs officials seized his devices. The two are self-proclaimed misogynists who have amassed a following online despite being banned from most platforms for hate speech, including YouTube, TikTok, and Instagram. The two ran an online school that claimed to teach men how to free themselves from “ socially induced incarceration ” and how to recruit women into “sexual slavery.” They’ve also led an online school on how to make money in crypto, drop shipping, and “scam-adjacent activities,” according to Vox , with a pyramid scheme-like structure. The two have repeatedly faced arrest and criminal investigations for their activities dating back to 2015. Follow topics and authors from this story to see more like this in your personalized homepage feed and to receive email updates. Terrence O'Brien Terrence O'Brien Weekend Editor Posts from this author will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All by Terrence O'Brien Creators Creators Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Creators Law Law Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Law News News Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All News Policy Policy Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Policy Tech Tech Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Fol