Skip to main content The homepage Tech Reviews Science Entertainment AI Policy The homepage Navigation Drawer Login / Sign Up close Search Light System Dark Tech Amazon Apple Facebook Google Microsoft Samsung Business See all tech Reviews Smart Home Reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Headphone Reviews See all reviews Science Space Energy Environment Health See all science Entertainment TV Shows Movies Audio See all entertainment AI OpenAI Anthropic See all AI Policy Antitrust Politics Law Security See all policy Gadgets Laptops Phones TVs Headphones Speakers Wearables See all gadgets Verge Shopping Buying Guides Deals Gift Guides See all shopping Gaming Xbox PlayStation Nintendo See all gaming Streaming Disney HBO Netflix YouTube Creators See all streaming Transportation Electric Cars Autonomous Cars Ride-sharing Scooters See all transportation Features Verge Video TikTok YouTube Instagram Podcasts Decoder The Vergecast Version History Newsletters Archives Store Verge Product Updates Subscribe The FBI reportedly won’t investigate ICE anymore Comments Drawer Comments Loading comments Getting the conversation ready... Policy Policy Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Policy News News Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All News Politics Politics Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Politics The FBI reportedly won’t investigate ICE anymore The change would essentially leave ICE to investigate itself and leave little chance of agents being held accountable. The change would essentially leave ICE to investigate itself and leave little chance of agents being held accountable. by Terrence O'Brien Terrence O'Brien Weekend Editor Posts from this author will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All by Terrence O'Brien Jul 19, 2026, 4:42 PM UTC ICE agents hide behind masks while skulking through the halls of immigration court . Image: Michael Nigro/Pacific Press/LightRocket via Getty Images Terrence O'Brien Terrence O'Brien Posts from this author will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All by Terrence O'Brien is the Verge’s weekend editor. He’s covered the tech industry for over 18 years and knows a thing or two about synths. According to the The New York Times , federal agents have been told that the FBI will no longer be investigating confrontations involving ICE agents. The DHS and DOJ denied the change in policy to The Times. The reported change in guidance follows renewed scrutiny of violence by ICE agents who have killed two people in the last two weeks. The shootings in Maine and Texas were just the latest civilian deaths at the hands of ICE agents, who have attempted to intimidate witnesses following its recent spate of high-profile killings. The new guidance would end FBI investigations of assaults against DHS agents. The government has aggressively pursued cases against protesters and others who have had even fleeting and unintentional physical contact with agents. But those felony assault cases routinely fall apart, with nearly half of them ending with an acquittal, the charges being thrown out, or withdrawn, according to a Times analysis . While the FBI investigations are ostensibly to help the government make a case against protesters and others, they often provide evidence against the officers that could be used in future trials against them. According to The Times: Under the change, responsibility for investigating cases involving federal immigration officers would likely fall to Homeland Security Investigations, an arm of ICE, effectively leaving the agency to investigate itself…Homeland Security Investigations does not have jurisdiction to investigate civil rights violations, so putting the change into practice would make it far less likely that shootings of unarmed people by ICE agents would be investigated to determine if the agents broke federal law. Follow topics and authors from this story to see more like this in your personalized homepage feed and to receive email updates. Terrence O'Brien Terrence O'Brien Weekend Editor Posts from this author will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All by Terrence O'Brien News News Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All News Policy Policy Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Policy Politics Politics Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Politics Most Popular Most Popular China delivers a one-two punch to America’s AI dominance Kodak EC35 is a dirt-cheap point-and-shoot film camera Avengers: Doomsday’s first trailer puts everyone on high alert Dave Eggers told OpenAI staff that