Skip to main content The homepage Tech Reviews Science Entertainment AI Policy The homepage Navigation Drawer Login / Sign Up close Search Light System Dark Tech Amazon Apple Facebook Google Microsoft Samsung Business See all tech Reviews Smart Home Reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Headphone Reviews See all reviews Science Space Energy Environment Health See all science Entertainment TV Shows Movies Audio See all entertainment AI OpenAI Anthropic See all AI Policy Antitrust Politics Law Security See all policy Gadgets Laptops Phones TVs Headphones Speakers Wearables See all gadgets Verge Shopping Buying Guides Deals Gift Guides See all shopping Gaming Xbox PlayStation Nintendo See all gaming Streaming Disney HBO Netflix YouTube Creators See all streaming Transportation Electric Cars Autonomous Cars Ride-sharing Scooters See all transportation Features Verge Video TikTok YouTube Instagram Podcasts Decoder The Vergecast Version History Newsletters Archives Store Verge Product Updates Subscribe I hate that I don’t hate this song made with Suno Comments Drawer Comments Loading comments Getting the conversation ready... Entertainment Entertainment Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Entertainment AI AI Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All AI Report Report Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Report I hate that I don’t hate this song made with Suno 1010Benja’s ‘Semiramis’ Dream’ shows AI can be more than a slop engine in the right hands. by Terrence O'Brien Terrence O'Brien Weekend Editor Posts from this author will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All by Terrence O'Brien Jul 19, 2026, 5:35 PM UTC 1010Benja won’t apologize for using AI. | Image: 1010Benja / Instagram Entertainment Entertainment Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Entertainment AI AI Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All AI Report Report Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Report I hate that I don’t hate this song made with Suno 1010Benja’s ‘Semiramis’ Dream’ shows AI can be more than a slop engine in the right hands. by Terrence O'Brien Terrence O'Brien Weekend Editor Posts from this author will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All by Terrence O'Brien Jul 19, 2026, 5:35 PM UTC Part Of All the latest in AI ‘music’ see all updates Terrence O'Brien Terrence O'Brien Posts from this author will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All by Terrence O'Brien is the Verge’s weekend editor. He’s covered the tech industry for over 18 years and knows a thing or two about synths. I would never go so far as to say there’s no place for AI in music (I’m a fan of Holly Herndon, after all). But I generally find music made with generative AI to be offensively boring , especially the outputs of Suno . So I’m having a bit of a tough time processing the fact that I actually quite enjoy 1010Benja’s “ Semiramis’ Dream .” Benja has been unapologetic about his use of generative AI on his latest EP, Time Has Nothing To Do With What You Choose… The other three tracks can’t quite hold a candle to what you find on 2024’s Ten Total . But the opener “Semiramis’ Dream” is infectious. It explodes out of the speakers with a jungle beat and Benja’s incredible, obviously human voice front and center. You’d be forgiven for not immediately realizing that the song is the product of Suno. It lacks many of the dead giveaways. Even the most obviously AI part of the song — the choir of backup vocalists — is easily camouflaged amidst the hyperpop-influenced rapid-fire chops. Heavily processed and artificial-sounding vocals are a staple of many modern pop genres and, by leaning into that uncanniness, Benja is able to mask their origins. But Benja isn’t hiding. He told Hearing Things in an interview: My friend Patrick Holder did the beat. I recorded the vocals. Then we fed Suno the elements, settled on something, brought it out, edited it on Ableton, and then put it back into Suno. So when you look in Deezer, it marks the song as AI-generated. We’re not hiding it. We don’t feel any shame about it. Benja’s process certainly separates it from the rest of the Suno slop out there. He wrote the lyrics, sang the vocals, and worked with collaborators to perform the music. Then fed that into Suno, took what the AI spit out, brought it into Abelton, edited it, added more layers, fed that back into Suno… rinse repeat ad naseum. Benja estimates he did this a few hundred times for “Semiramis’ Dream.” While Benja professes to be agnostic about the tools he uses, he is under no illusion that using generative AI