Skip to main content The homepage Tech Reviews Science Entertainment AI Policy The homepage Navigation Drawer Login / Sign Up close Search Light System Dark Tech Amazon Apple Facebook Google Microsoft Samsung Business See all tech Reviews Smart Home Reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Headphone Reviews See all reviews Science Space Energy Environment Health See all science Entertainment TV Shows Movies Audio See all entertainment AI OpenAI Anthropic See all AI Policy Antitrust Politics Law Security See all policy Gadgets Laptops Phones TVs Headphones Speakers Wearables See all gadgets Verge Shopping Buying Guides Deals Gift Guides See all shopping Gaming Xbox PlayStation Nintendo See all gaming Streaming Disney HBO Netflix YouTube Creators See all streaming Transportation Electric Cars Autonomous Cars Ride-sharing Scooters See all transportation Features Verge Video TikTok YouTube Instagram Podcasts Decoder The Vergecast Version History Newsletters Archives Store Verge Product Updates Subscribe Kodak EC35 is a dirt-cheap point-and-shoot film camera Comments Drawer Comments Loading comments Getting the conversation ready... Gadgets Gadgets Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Gadgets News News Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All News Cameras Cameras Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Cameras Kodak EC35 is a dirt-cheap point-and-shoot film camera The film photography renaissance continues and gets more affordable. The film photography renaissance continues and gets more affordable. by Terrence O'Brien Terrence O'Brien Weekend Editor Posts from this author will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All by Terrence O'Brien Jul 19, 2026, 7:26 PM UTC I’m partial to that avocado green one. Image: Reto Project Terrence O'Brien Terrence O'Brien Posts from this author will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All by Terrence O'Brien is the Verge’s weekend editor. He’s covered the tech industry for over 18 years and knows a thing or two about synths. Following the success of its $99 Kodak-branded Snapic A1 , Reto Project is releasing the Kodak EC35 , an even more affordable 35mm film camera for just $34.99. The EC35 certainly isn’t fancy. Its 25mm acrylic lens with a fixed f/10 aperture and 1/100 shutter speed basically put it on par with a drugstore disposable. The fact that it has a manual wind and rewind only emphasizes that. And you can really lean into that disposable aesthetic thanks to its built-in automatic flash. Unlike the A1, there’s no double exposure feature here or zone focusing. The EC35 is designed to require almost no thought to use. Its one special feature is the sliding lens cover, reminiscent of the Olympus Stylus / Mju lineup. It also comes in a bunch of fun colors, including butter yellow, lavender, powder blue, blush pink, and avocado green. The lens covers are a slightly darker shade than the rest of the camera body, giving them some nice subtle contrast. Even the midnight black and vanilla white feature different colored accents, making them slightly more stylish than a disposable camera. Here are a few sample shots from the Kodak EC35: 1 / 3 Follow topics and authors from this story to see more like this in your personalized homepage feed and to receive email updates. Terrence O'Brien Terrence O'Brien Weekend Editor Posts from this author will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All by Terrence O'Brien Cameras Cameras Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Cameras Gadgets Gadgets Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Gadgets News News Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All News Most Popular Most Popular China delivers a one-two punch to America’s AI dominance Kodak EC35 is a dirt-cheap point-and-shoot film camera Avengers: Doomsday’s first trailer puts everyone on high alert Dave Eggers told OpenAI staff that ChatGPT was ‘silencing an entire generation’ Electric air taxis go to war The Verge Daily A free daily digest of the news that matters most. Email (required) Sign Up By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice . This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Advertiser Content From This is the title for the native ad More in Gadgets Get Borderlands 3, Risk of Rain 2 and 13 other great PC games for $15 LG’s glossy OLED gaming monitor is rare to find under $400 Adobe’s ‘natural look’ camera app embraces generative AI The AirPods Max 2 are down to their second-best price 8 Verge Score Orchid is a delightfully retro and approachable hipster