Skip to main content The homepage Tech Reviews Science Entertainment AI Policy The homepage Navigation Drawer Login / Sign Up close Search Light System Dark Tech Amazon Apple Facebook Google Microsoft Samsung Business See all tech Reviews Smart Home Reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Headphone Reviews See all reviews Science Space Energy Environment Health See all science Entertainment TV Shows Movies Audio See all entertainment AI OpenAI Anthropic See all AI Policy Antitrust Politics Law Security See all policy Gadgets Laptops Phones TVs Headphones Speakers Wearables See all gadgets Verge Shopping Buying Guides Deals Gift Guides See all shopping Gaming Xbox PlayStation Nintendo See all gaming Streaming Disney HBO Netflix YouTube Creators See all streaming Transportation Electric Cars Autonomous Cars Ride-sharing Scooters See all transportation Features Verge Video TikTok YouTube Instagram Podcasts Decoder The Vergecast Version History Newsletters Archives Store Verge Product Updates Subscribe This unpronounceable series of glyphs is an incredible side project from Kieran Hebden (aka Four Tet) Comments Drawer Comments Loading comments Getting the conversation ready... Entertainment Entertainment Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Entertainment Column Column Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Column Music Music Posts from this topic will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All Music This unpronounceable series of glyphs is an incredible side project from Kieran Hebden (aka Four Tet) No seriously, good luck with ⣎⡇ꉺლ༽இ•̛)ྀ◞ ༎ຶ ༽ৣৢ؞ৢ؞ؖ ꉺლ No seriously, good luck with ⣎⡇ꉺლ༽இ•̛)ྀ◞ ༎ຶ ༽ৣৢ؞ৢ؞ؖ ꉺლ by Terrence O'Brien Terrence O'Brien Weekend Editor Posts from this author will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All by Terrence O'Brien Jul 19, 2026, 9:02 PM UTC Sure is a lot of porcelein in there. Image: Kieran Hebden Part Of What we’re listening to, watching, and reading right now. see all updates Terrence O'Brien Terrence O'Brien Posts from this author will be added to your daily email digest and your homepage feed. Follow See All by Terrence O'Brien is the Verge’s weekend editor. He’s covered the tech industry for over 18 years and knows a thing or two about synths. Just why? ʅ͡͡͡͡͡͡͡͡͡͡͡(̸̢̛̼̞̭͋ͅ)̸͚̰͛̔̾̀̿͒͂:̴͓̞̑̌̂̆̊͋̀:̸͎̟̯̂̓̌　҉　　　　　͡　͞　͞　͞　҉● ࿀ ●  ࿀  ●　　　҉⃝ 　　　⃝͢ ͞　　　͘　͞⃝̕ ͢　　　　̛　⃝ 　　　̸　̡　　͢⃝̧ 　͡　͡　　̀　̧　̢⃝͜ 　 　҉　　͞　͞　⃝͞ 　͞　͡⃝  ⃝҉҈҉҈҉҈҉҈҉҈҉ :̶̢͙͙͕̠̩͆(̷̮͍͚̫͚͂̍)̵̳̗̊(　̟̞̝̜̙̘̗̖҉̵̴̨̧̢̡̼̻̺̹̳̲̱̰̯̮̭̬̫̪̩̦̥ What am I supposed to do with this? It’s un-Googleable. Unpronounceable. It doesn’t even render the same way on various platforms. It looks one way on YouTube Music. Another on Apple Music. And yet another on Bandcamp. Even the artist name ⣎⡇ꉺლ༽இ•̛)ྀ◞ ༎ຶ ༽ৣৢ؞ৢ؞ؖ ꉺლ is an unpronounceable series of glyphs that would make Prince shake his head. So, from here on out, I’m just going to refer to ⣎⡇ꉺლ༽இ•̛)ྀ◞ ༎ຶ ༽ৣৢ؞ৢ؞ؖ ꉺლ by his more well-known alias, Four Tet, and the album as Wingdings . My apologies to Kieran Hebden for disregarding his intent, but I’ve got readers to consider. Also, shoutout to subscriber morgannels for bringing this one to my attention in last week’s what are you listening to thread.
For years, Hebden has kept this alias somewhat of a secret. But now that this collection of wingdings has racked up millions of listens on services like Spotify, it’s get a more formal release with Wingdings . Some of the tracks here have been released previously, including track five, which Fred Again dropped during his incredible Boiler Room set as “Feelings,” under one of Hebden’s other aliases, KH. Wingdings leans heavily toward Four Tet’s dancier outputs. And, despite what the project’s origins as some sort of secret b-side dumping ground might lead you to believe, these are not throwaways. They’re undeniable, infectious, and highly polished. Four Tet’s sense for sound design shines from crushed 8-bit drums to the hypnotic handpan grooves and sharp synth melodies. While the songs are definitely groovy and danceable, they’re not high-octane rave-ups, for the most part. Instead, tracks like number seven build to a more ecstatic and spiritual climax as layers pile up and textures demand you turn your eyes toward the sky. Not unlike last week’s recommendation, Shall We Go On Sinning So That Grace May Increase? , Wingdings is a celebration. No, I might not drop the triphop-esque track one at the club, but it’s perfect for finding your groove while trying to write, or cleaning, or any other activity where you want good vibes and grooves. Track two would feel more at home on a dance floor with its deep four-on-the-floor thump and plucked arpeggios that seem to be constantly climbing off into infinity as house hi-hats tick along. Track three blends metallic gamelan-inspired melodies and ultradeep EDM wubs, while track eight is