Skip Navigation Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Markets Europe Markets China Markets Asia Markets World Markets Currencies Prediction Markets Cryptocurrency Futures & Commodities Bonds Funds & ETFs Business Economy Finance Health & Science Media Real Estate Energy Climate Transportation Investigations Industrials Retail Wealth Sports Life Small Business Investing Personal Finance Fintech Financial Advisors Options Action ETF Street Buffett Archive Earnings Trader Talk Tech Cybersecurity AI Enterprise Internet Media Mobile Social Media CNBC Disruptor 50 Tech Guide Politics White House Policy Defense Congress Expanding Opportunity Europe Politics China Politics Asia Politics World Politics Video Latest Video Full Episodes Livestream Top Video Live Audio Europe TV Asia TV CNBC Podcasts CEO Interviews Digital Originals Watchlist Investing Club Trust Portfolio Analysis Trade Alerts Meeting Videos Homestretch Jim's Columns Education Subscribe PRO Pro News Josh Brown Mike Santoli Calls of the Day My Portfolio Livestream Full Episodes Stock Screener Market Forecast Options Investing Chart Investing Subscribe Livestream Menu Make It select USA INTL Livestream Search quotes, news & videos Livestream Watchlist SIGN IN Create free account Markets Business Investing Tech Politics Video Watchlist Investing Club PRO Livestream Menu Bonds U.S. Treasury yields rise as Wall Street monitors Middle East tensions Published Mon, Jul 20 2026 5:25 AM EDT Updated 4 Hours Ago Joseph Wilkins Sean Conlon @SeanAustin96 WATCH LIVE In this article US30Y US2Y US10Y Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT A whole host of drawbacks might make you think twice about hedge funds. Yellow Dog Productions | Getty Images U.S. Treasury yields moved higher on Monday as Wall Street monitors the latest developments amid escalating tensions in the Middle East. The yield on the 10-year U.S. Treasury note — the key benchmark for U.S. government borrowing — rose more than 5 basis points to 4.594%. The 2-year Treasury note yield, which more closely tracks short-term Federal Reserve interest rate policy, was gained more than 3 basis points to 4.211%. The longer-dated 30-year Treasury bond yield also traded more than 5 basis points higher at 5.115%. One basis point is equal to 0.01%, and yields and prices move in opposite directions. U.S. Central Command completed the ninth consecutive evening of strikes against Iran, at 10 p.m. ET on Sunday, Centcom said in a post on X . The three-hour exercise targeted Iranian military command centers, air defense and coastal surveillance sites, maritime capabilities, and missile and drone launch sites. Centcom said the operation was intended to further diminish Tehran's ability to attack commercial vessels and civilian mariners transiting the Strait of Hormuz. U.S. strikes have widened in recent days, with Tehran reporting strikes on civilian infrastructure, including the Bonji desalination plant that cut off water supplies to about 10,000 people. Tehran has retaliated across the Gulf with fresh attacks on targets in neighboring countries, including Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, and Jordan. The Kuwaiti army said Monday that its air defense systems were intercepting "hostile" drone attacks from Iran. Treasury yields eased off last week as investors digested a raft of data releases indicating that the U.S. economy continues to withstand inflationary pressures caused by the Iran war. Last week's slide in borrowing costs followed cooler-than-expected producer and consumer price data, while U.S. jobless claims for the week ending July 11 came in lower than forecasted, at a seasonally-adjusted 208,000.  On Friday, investors will be monitoring the latest S&P Global Flash U.S. PMI report, which measures the economic health of American manufacturing and services sectors. — CNBC's Anniek Bao also contributed to this report. Choose CNBC as your preferred source on Google and never miss a moment from the most trusted name in business news. Subscribe to CNBC PRO Subscribe to Investing Club Licensing & Reprints CNBC Councils Join the CNBC Panel Digital Products News Releases Closed Captioning Corrections About CNBC Internships Site Map Careers Help Contact News Tips Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Get In Touch CNBC Newsletters Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Sign Up Now Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services. Advertise With Us Please Contact Us Ad Choices Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices CA Notice Terms of Service © 2026 Versant Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Versant Media Company.
Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes.
Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data
and Analysis.
Market Data Terms of Use and Disclaimers Data also provided by