Skip Navigation Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Markets Europe Markets China Markets Asia Markets World Markets Currencies Prediction Markets Cryptocurrency Futures & Commodities Bonds Funds & ETFs Business Economy Finance Health & Science Media Real Estate Energy Climate Transportation Investigations Industrials Retail Wealth Sports Life Small Business Investing Personal Finance Fintech Financial Advisors Options Action ETF Street Buffett Archive Earnings Trader Talk Tech Cybersecurity AI Enterprise Internet Media Mobile Social Media CNBC Disruptor 50 Tech Guide Politics White House Policy Defense Congress Expanding Opportunity Europe Politics China Politics Asia Politics World Politics Video Latest Video Full Episodes Livestream Top Video Live Audio Europe TV Asia TV CNBC Podcasts CEO Interviews Digital Originals Watchlist Investing Club Trust Portfolio Analysis Trade Alerts Meeting Videos Homestretch Jim's Columns Education Subscribe PRO Pro News Josh Brown Mike Santoli Calls of the Day My Portfolio Livestream Full Episodes Stock Screener Market Forecast Options Investing Chart Investing Subscribe Livestream Menu Make It select USA INTL Livestream Search quotes, news & videos Livestream Watchlist SIGN IN Create free account Markets Business Investing Tech Politics Video Watchlist Investing Club PRO Livestream Menu Tech Bezos backs CuspAI as startup teams up with Nvidia to hunt for chipmaking materials Published Mon, Jul 20 2026 5:58 AM EDT Kai Nicol-Schwarz @in/kains WATCH LIVE Key Points Jeff Bezos' Bezos Expeditions has invested in British startup CuspAI, which is using artificial intelligence to find new materials. CuspAI has also launched a new partnership with Nvidia and others to hunt for new materials in the chip sector and other industries. The startup is part of a new wave of companies looking to use AI to solve challenges in the physical world. In this article NVDA AMZN AMD META Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT Jeff Bezos has invested in CuspAI, a British startup which on Monday unveiled a partnership with Nvidia and a number of other industry leaders as it hunts for breakthroughs in semiconductors, clean energy and advanced manufacturing. The $450 million fundraise, which values CuspAI at $2.6 billion, was led by Kleiner Perkins and NEA, with significant participation from Jeff Bezos' Bezos Expeditions. Additional new investors include Glade Brook Capital Partners, Lux Capital, AMD Ventures, and Britain's Sovereign AI Venture Fund. CuspAI uses artificial intelligence to simulate the performance of novel materials, narrowing the huge number of possibilities for laboratory testing. "Most big leaps in technology come down to a material, and the next set, from cheaper carbon capture to semiconductors and cleaner water, is stuck waiting on materials nobody has discovered yet," Josh Coyne, partner at Kleiner Perkins, said in a statement. "CuspAI built a search engine that changes that." Building AI's physical future CuspAI is one of a new wave of AI companies looking to apply the technology to the physical world. Bezos' own company Prometheus, which was founded in 2025 and has raised $12 billion at a $41 billion valuation, is creating AI for invention and physical engineering. The Britain-based CuspAI is opening a new office in Singapore and growing teams in the U.K., the Netherlands, Germany, Japan and the U.S. The startup has also launched what it's calling an "AI Materials Foundry," a network of data, labs, compute and scientific expertise running on CuspAI's AI platform. Nvidia is among the 45 organizations that will provide the compute infrastructure. Meta's Fundamental AI Research Team is also joining the initiative. "As AI transforms the physical world, new materials will open up new frontiers across semiconductors, energy and advanced manufacturing," Chad Edwards, CEO and cofounder, CuspAI, said. "The AI Materials Foundry brings NVIDIA accelerated computing infrastructure together with world-class chemistry and materials expertise to help power the next generation of materials discovery." Choose CNBC as your preferred source on Google and never miss a moment from the most trusted name in business news. Subscribe to CNBC PRO Subscribe to Investing Club Licensing & Reprints CNBC Councils Join the CNBC Panel Digital Products News Releases Closed Captioning Corrections About CNBC Internships Site Map Careers Help Contact News Tips Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Get In Touch CNBC Newsletters Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Sign Up Now Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services. Advertise With Us Please Contact Us Ad Choices Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices CA Notice Terms of Service © 2026 Versant Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Versant Media Company.
Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes.
Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data
an