Skip Navigation Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Markets Europe Markets China Markets Asia Markets World Markets Currencies Prediction Markets Cryptocurrency Futures & Commodities Bonds Funds & ETFs Business Economy Finance Health & Science Media Real Estate Energy Climate Transportation Investigations Industrials Retail Wealth Sports Life Small Business Investing Personal Finance Fintech Financial Advisors Options Action ETF Street Buffett Archive Earnings Trader Talk Tech Cybersecurity AI Enterprise Internet Media Mobile Social Media CNBC Disruptor 50 Tech Guide Politics White House Policy Defense Congress Expanding Opportunity Europe Politics China Politics Asia Politics World Politics Video Latest Video Full Episodes Livestream Top Video Live Audio Europe TV Asia TV CNBC Podcasts CEO Interviews Digital Originals Watchlist Investing Club Trust Portfolio Analysis Trade Alerts Meeting Videos Homestretch Jim's Columns Education Subscribe PRO Pro News Josh Brown Mike Santoli Calls of the Day My Portfolio Livestream Full Episodes Stock Screener Market Forecast Options Investing Chart Investing Subscribe Livestream Menu Make It select USA INTL Livestream Search quotes, news & videos Livestream Watchlist SIGN IN Create free account Markets Business Investing Tech Politics Video Watchlist Investing Club PRO Livestream Menu Oil Prices and News Oil prices rise after Trump says Iran will pay for killing U.S. service members Published Sun, Jul 19 2026 9:14 PM EDT Updated 5 Hours Ago Spencer Kimball @spencekimball Sam Meredith @in/samuelmeredith @smeredith19 Lee Ying Shan @in/ying-shan-lee @LeeYingshan WATCH LIVE Key Points Oil prices rose Monday after President Donald Trump said that Iran would pay for the deaths of three U.S. service members. The U.S. has bombed Iran for nine consecutive nights in retaliation for repeated attacks on oil tankers transiting the Strait of Hormuz. Tehran's Houthi allies in Yemen declared a maritime embargo against Saudi Arabia. In this article @LCO.1 @CL.1 Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT watch now VIDEO 2:41 02:41 Atlantic Council CEO Fred Kempe on U.S.-Iran conflict: 'Neither side has an end game here' Squawk on the Street Oil prices rose Monday after President Donald Trump said Iran would pay for the deaths of three U.S. service members, and Houthi militants in Yemen declared a maritime embargo on Saudi Arabia. Brent crude futures, the international benchmark, gained about 1.3% to close at $89.22 per barrel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures advanced 0.9% to settle at $83.23 per barrel. Prices have surged around 20% this month as fighting between the U.S. and Iran has sharply escalated. "Every time Iran kills an American Soldier they will pay for that killing many times over!" Trump said in a post on Truth Social . "This directive has been passed on to Secretary of War, Pete Hegseth, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Daniel Caine, and every Leader in the Military." Brent jumped nearly 4% overnight to break $90 per barrel, after the U.S. confirmed at least three service members have died during recent fighting with Iran. Prices eased when Iran's Foreign Ministry spokesman Esmail Baghaei said negotiations with the U.S. could be pursued based on Tehran's interests Iran's Houthi allies in Yemen, meanwhile, declared a maritime embargo against Saudi Arabia on Monday. The embargo could exacerbate the oil supply disruption triggered by Iran's tanker attacks in Hormuz. The Houthis have repeatedly threatened to close the Bab el-Mandeb Strait, which connects the Red Sea to global markets. The Saudis have diverted millions of barrels of oil per day through a pipeline to an export terminal on the Red Sea. Those exports have acted as a crucial relief valve for the global crude market during the U.S.-Iran war. The U.S. has bombed Iran for nine consecutive nights in retaliation for repeated attacks on oil tankers transiting the Strait of Hormuz. Tehran is trying to force ships to transit the strait through its territorial waters. Its attacks have killed at least two seafarers and injured more than a dozen this month. An oil products tanker off Oman's coast was struck by a projectile over the weekend causing a fire onboard, according to a Sunday incident report from the United Kingdom Maritime Trade Operations Centre. The crew safely abandoned the vessel and were retrieved by a tug boat, UKMTO said. The International Maritime Organization , a United Nations agency, identified the tanker as the Kavomaleas, which was sailing under the flag of Malta. watch now VIDEO 3:40 03:40 Hormuz slowdown can push oil prices to triple digits: Energy Aspects Access Middle East Iran has responded to U.S. strikes by firing missiles at Washington's Middle East allies. Tehran attacked a power and desalination plant in Kuwait over the weekend for the second time in two days, the Kuwait Times reported. Kuwait is heavily dependent on such plants for drinking water. Gasoline prices rose back to $4 per g