Accessibility links
Skip to main content
Keyboard shortcuts for audio player
Open Navigation Menu
-->
Newsletters
NPR Shop
Get NPR+
Close Navigation Menu
Home
News
Expand/collapse submenu for News
National
World
Politics
Business
Health
Science
Climate
Race
Culture
Expand/collapse submenu for Culture
Books
Movies
Television
Pop Culture
Food
Art & Design
Performing Arts
Life Kit
Gaming
Music
Expand/collapse submenu for Music
Tiny Desk
New Music Friday
All Songs Considered
Music Features
Live Sessions
Podcasts & Shows
Expand/collapse submenu for Podcasts & Shows
Daily
Morning Edition
Weekend Edition Saturday
Weekend Edition Sunday
All Things Considered
Up First
Here & Now
NPR Politics Podcast
Featured
Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me!
Fresh Air
Wild Card with Rachel Martin
It's Been a Minute
Embedded
Get NPR+
More Podcasts & Shows
Search
Newsletters
NPR Shop
Get NPR+
Tiny Desk
New Music Friday
All Songs Considered
Music Features
Live Sessions
About NPR
Diversity
Support
Careers
Press
Ethics
U.S. and Iran launch new strikes after 3 U.S. service members are killed The U.S. attacks were the ninth consecutive day of bombing since peace talks between the two countries collapsed in dispute over a memorandum of understanding focused on the Strait of Hormuz.
Special Series Middle East conflict
Conflict in the Middle East has been escalating. These stories provide context for current developments and the history that led up to them.
U.S. and Iran launch new strikes after 3 U.S. service members are killed
Updated July 20, 2026 7:21 AM ET
Originally published July 20, 2026 6:04 AM ET
By
Jane Arraf
An Iranian woman walks past an anti-U.S. banner in Tehran on Sunday.
Atta Kenare/AFP via Getty Images
hide caption
toggle caption
Atta Kenare/AFP via Getty Images
AMMAN, Jordan — The U.S. military carried out a wave of airstrikes in Iran over the weekend as it announced that a third U.S. service member had been killed in military operations since Friday.
Middle East conflict
U.S. launches new airstrikes to 'punish' Iran for troop deaths
The U.S. attacks were the ninth consecutive day of bombing since peace talks between the two countries collapsed in dispute over a memorandum of understanding focused on the Strait of Hormuz, the key oil shipping waterway. U.S. Central Command said a service member was killed during a controlled detonation of an Iranian drone in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq. It also said that it had recovered unidentified remains at a base in Jordan where two military personnel were killed in an Iranian strike Friday. It said it was still trying to determine the identity of the deceased and did not say whether the remains were those of a service member.
Sponsor Message
The Department of Defense identified on Monday the two service members killed last week as 1st Lt. Tyler James Feehan, 25, of Ewa Beach, Hawaii, and Pvt. Isabella Gonzales, 19, of Carrollton, Texas. It said both were killed during an Iranian attack last Friday at Muwaffaq Salti Air Base in Jordan. President Trump said the waves of strikes were "in honor" of the dead service members. "We hit them very hard again tonight," he told reporters after landing in Maryland from an appearance at the World Cup final. The U.S. says the weekend deaths make 17 military personnel now killed in the conflict with Iran. Iran says at least 3,000 Iranians, many of them civilians, have been killed since the U.S. and Israel began the war against Iran on Feb. 28. The dead include 168 children and 14 adults killed in a strike on a girls school. The U.S. military says it still has not conducted a full review of that attack.
A man walks past a mural on Sunday in Tehran showing a reference to an Iranian epic.
Atta Kenare/AFP via Getty Images
hide caption
toggle caption
Atta Kenare/AFP via Getty Images
Iran kept up its attacks Monday in retaliation for the U.S. strikes that targeted bridges and electrical infrastructure in a southern Iranian province alongside the Strait of Hormuz. Iran had said it would respond in kind and on the weekend targeted electricity installations and water desalination plants in Kuwait, which hosts a large U.S. military presence.
Sponsor Message
It also targeted Bahrain, home of the U.S. Navy's 5th Fleet. Iran said U.S. missiles had struck several Iranian cities early Monday local time. It did not give details of casualties or damage. On Monday, Iran said it disabled two oil tankers that had attempted to transit the Strait of Hormuz without its permission. The British military said a ship was burning near the Omani coastline in the strait. It was not clear whether that vessel had been targeted by Iran. Oil prices continued to rise on Monday, topping more than $90 per barrel for benchmark crude.
Middle East conflict
The U.S.-Iran battle over the Strait of Hormuz raises risks for global waterways
In Jordan, Iran said its missiles targeted U.S. military aircraft at the international airport in the resort city of Aqaba. Iran claimed the attacks damaged U.S. 