Accessibility links
Skip to main content
Keyboard shortcuts for audio player
Open Navigation Menu
-->
Newsletters
NPR Shop
Get NPR+
Close Navigation Menu
Home
News
Expand/collapse submenu for News
National
World
Politics
Business
Health
Science
Climate
Race
Culture
Expand/collapse submenu for Culture
Books
Movies
Television
Pop Culture
Food
Art & Design
Performing Arts
Life Kit
Gaming
Music
Expand/collapse submenu for Music
Tiny Desk
New Music Friday
All Songs Considered
Music Features
Live Sessions
Podcasts & Shows
Expand/collapse submenu for Podcasts & Shows
Daily
Morning Edition
Weekend Edition Saturday
Weekend Edition Sunday
All Things Considered
Up First
Here & Now
NPR Politics Podcast
Featured
Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me!
Fresh Air
Wild Card with Rachel Martin
It's Been a Minute
Embedded
Get NPR+
More Podcasts & Shows
Search
Newsletters
NPR Shop
Get NPR+
Tiny Desk
New Music Friday
All Songs Considered
Music Features
Live Sessions
About NPR
Diversity
Support
Careers
Press
Ethics
Andy Burnham succeeds Keir Starmer as the U.K.’s 7th prime minister in 10 years In a transition of power presided over by King Charles, Andy Burnham has replaced Keir Starmer as the United Kingdom's prime minister. Both are from the center-left Labour Party.
Europe
Andy Burnham becomes U.K. prime minister
Updated July 20, 2026 2:27 PM ET
Originally published July 20, 2026 4:41 AM ET
Heard on Morning Edition
Lauren Frayer
Andy Burnham succeeds Keir Starmer as the U.K.’s 7th prime minister in 10 years
Listen
4:02
4:02
Transcript
Toggle more options
Download
Embed
Embed
< iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5895993/nx-s1-9855119" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player">
Transcript
Britain's new Prime Minister Andy Burnham arrives at No. 10 Downing St. in London on Monday.
Kirsty Wigglesworth/AP
hide caption
toggle caption
Kirsty Wigglesworth/AP
LONDON — Keir Starmer is out. Andy Burnham is in. On Monday, outgoing Prime Minister Starmer traveled to Buckingham Palace to tender his resignation to King Charles III. Shortly afterward, Burnham made the same journey and was invited by the king to form a new government.
Europe
Who is Andy Burnham, the U.K.'s new prime minister?
Burnham then returned to Downing Street, where he delivered his first remarks as prime minister. He said: "It requires my generation of politicians to raise our game." He said politicians are "acknowledging that many voters have grown frustrated with politics." "I want to be honest with you: We have not been good enough, and we need to be better," Burnham said. "We will be." Burnham becomes the U.K.'s seventh prime minister in a little over a decade since Britons voted in June 2016 to leave the European Union. That decision ultimately shrank the British economy, triggered anger at the governing class and contributed to a revolving door of prime ministers . Burnham is likely to face some of the same challenges that stymied Starmer: rising costs of living, slow growth and a volatile American ally across the Atlantic.
Sponsor Message
Starmer exits after two years Starmer delivered his final speech outside No. 10 Downing St. earlier on Monday before heading to Buckingham Palace to formally resign as prime minister, declaring: "My work is done." "In 6 1/2 years, I took our party from a historic defeat in 2019, changed it so it was fit to face the country, and won a landslide general election victory in 2024," Starmer said. He described serving as prime minister as "the privilege of my life" and said he was leaving office confident Britain was "stronger and fairer" than it was two years ago.
Britain's King Charles III welcomes outgoing Prime Minister Keir Starmer during an audience Monday at Buckingham Palace in London, where Starmer formally tendered his resignation as prime minister.
Aaron Chown/Pool Photo via AP
hide caption
toggle caption
Aaron Chown/Pool Photo via AP
Closing his final address outside Downing Street, Starmer said, "I go with good grace, I go with a smile, and I go proud of everything we have achieved." Starmer led the U.K.'s center-left Labour Party to a landslide victory two years ago. But his personal approval ratings sank. Polls show voters believe he failed to deliver palpable change. He was also criticized for appointing Peter Mandelson , a close friend of the late sex offender Jeffrey Epstein, as British ambassador to Washington. Starmer later fired Mandelson. After Labour lost seats to a populist anti-immigration party in May's local elections, more of Starmer's own lawmakers joined calls for his removal.
Sponsor Message
Starmer resigned as Labour leader on June 22, and Burnham assumed that role on Friday. Under Britain's parliamentary system, the ruling party can replace its leader — and therefore the prime minister — without a general election. The next election is not expected for another three years. Burnham's first remarks as prime minister Burnham previously served as a memb