Inflation is broadening out, says Goldman economist Share Resize (2 min) Skip to main content
Investing Personal Finance Retirement Economy Watchlist Account Settings Log In Sign Up Site Search Clear SEARCH Advanced Search  ➔ Search Results Symbols No results found All News Articles Video Podcasts 0 Results No Results Found Authors No results found Sections No results found Columns No results found
Home Markets Inflation is broadening out, says Goldman economist Price rises are higher than 1990-2019 but nowhere near the 2022 inflation crisis July 20, 2026, 5:32 a.m. ET Share Resize (2 min) Kevin Warsh says he's fearful of price rises "broadening out." One economist say they already are. Photo: Eric Lee / Getty Images During his Congressional testimony last week, new Fed Chair Kevin Warsh emphasized that one of his primary responsibilities was to ensure that individual price spikes, of which there have been many in recent years, “don’t broaden out.” The bad news is that on the whole they are. The good news is that they are nowhere near as bad as the inflation crisis of 2022. Copyright © 2026 MarketWatch, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 87990cbe856818d5eddac44c7b1cdeb8
Partner Center
Most Popular
About the Author Jules Rimmer Jules Rimmer is a markets reporter in London.Rimmer spent more than 30 years as a trader and stockbroker, starting at Salomon Brothers in the “Liar's Poker” era, taking in ING Barings, Jefferies and ending it in emerging markets at Investec. He hung up his headset and pivoted to journalism in 2021. Show Conversation (0) Advertisement Advertisement BACK TO TOP A Dow Jones Company Copyright © 2026 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Archive Marketwatch Live Coverage Customer Center Contact Us Newsletters Newsroom Roster Virtual Stock Exchange MarketWatch Guides Copyright Policy Manage Notifications Cancel My Subscription Company Dow Jones Code of Conduct Corrections Reprints & Licensing Digital Self Service Your Ad Choices Corporate Subscriptions Accessibility Dow Jones Network The Wall Street Journal Barron's Investor's Business Daily Financial News London realtor.com Mansion Global Dow Jones Smart Money Intraday Data provided by FACTSET and subject to terms of use . Historical and current end-of-day data provided by FACTSET . All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.