See our 233 partners
Deny
Skip to main content
HOME
SHOWS
NEWSFEED
LIVE
EN
SETTINGS
MENU
FRANCE
AFRICA
MIDDLE EAST
AMERICAS
EUROPE
ASIA-PACIFIC
HOME
MIDDLE EAST
US strikes Iran for ninth consecutive day as more ships targeted in Strait of Hormuz
MIDDLE EAST
The United States carried out a new wave of strikes in Iran on Monday as US deaths in the renewed fighting climbed to three and more ships came under attack in the strategic Strait of Hormuz. Iran responded by targeting US military assets in Bahrain, the home of the US Navy's 5th Fleet, and Kuwait.
Issued on: 20/07/2026 - 12:26
Modified: 20/07/2026 - 12:34
3 min
Reading time
Share
By:
FRANCE 24
Video by:
Bryan QUINN
To display this content from YouTube, you must enable advertisement tracking and audience measurement.
01:50
US forces hit Iran for a ninth consecutive day on Monday as concerns grew over shipping through the Strait of Hormuz after Iran said two oil tankers had exploded and been immobilised.
The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps said on Monday they had targeted US aircraft at Jordan's Aqaba airport with ballistic missiles, as well as US military assets and equipment at Kuwait's Al-Adiri camp and Ali Al Salem Air Base, and in Syria.
Sirens sounded in Bahrain on Monday morning, the country's interior ministry said, while the Kuwaiti army said it was intercepting hostile drones in an Iranian attack.
The strikes are part of an escalating cycle of attacks between the US and Iran after an interim ceasefire agreement signed a month ago unravelled, deepening a struggle for control over the Strait of Hormuz that has disrupted energy supplies and stoked fears of global inflation.
READ MORE
Why the US is launching naval drones at Iran’s port city of Bandar Abbas
In a statement, US Central Command said it had begun "a new wave of strikes" aimed at "degrading" Iran's ability to attack commercial vessels in the strait's vital shipping lanes. It gave no further details.
Iran's semi-official Tasnim news agency, citing its own reporters, said US missiles struck several Iranian cities early on Monday.
Explosions were heard in Tabriz, Chabahar, Konarak, Bandar Mahshahr and Bandar Imam Khomeini, according to Tasnim.
US Secretary of State Marco Rubio said the United States would continue to target Iran while it attacked global commercial shipping.
"The Strait of Hormuz are international waterways, and they continue to launch against the ships in that international waterway," Rubio said.
“As long as Iran insists on controlling an international waterway, we're gonna have to respond to that. The United States always remains open to a diplomatic solution.”
Iran says attacked US bases, oil tankers damaged
Kuwait's government said a desalination plant was attacked for the second day running, causing a fire, in what it called a direct strike on vital civilian infrastructure.
Concerns about the flow of energy supplies through the Strait of Hormuz have persisted since the United States and Iran resumed open hostilities after accusing each other of repeatedly violating a ceasefire deal.
READ MORE
How ships are risking ‘safe’ passage through the Strait of Hormuz
The United Kingdom Maritime Trade Operations said late Sunday that it received a report that a vessel was on fire not far from the Omani coast, although it had not verified a cause.
The Revolutionary Guards said on Monday that two oil tankers had exploded and been immobilised after attempting to transit what it described as an unsafe southern route through Hormuz, alleging the vessels had been encouraged by the US military to use the passage.
Reuters could not immediately verify the incident.
The statement gave no details on the vessels' names, flags, crews or any casualties.
The Guards said the waterway would remain unsafe as long as what it called US "aggression" in the region continued, warning that "this passage will not be safe for the transit of petrochemical products, nor even a single drop of oil and gas."
Four vessels made the transit through Hormuz on Sunday, down from eight the previous day, LSEG data showed. At least three oil products' tankers and one Very Large Crude Carrier have entered the strait since Friday to load oil, the data showed.
Oil prices rose 2% to more than $90 a barrel on Monday.
In the latest American casualty reported in the war, the US military said on Sunday that a service member was killed on Saturday in northern Iraq, where the US has military bases, during a controlled detonation of what Central Command called unexploded ordnance on a downed Iranian attack drone.
The US military said earlier that two service personnel died in Jordan and that a third was missing in action. On Sunday, Central Command said that "unidentified remains" had been found at the site of Friday's attack and that "an examination process to verify the remains is ongoing".
To display this content from YouTube, you must enable advertisement tracking and audience measurement.
02:23
The latest casualty announceme