See our 233 partners
Deny
Skip to main content
HOME
SHOWS
NEWSFEED
LIVE
EN
SETTINGS
MENU
FRANCE
AFRICA
MIDDLE EAST
AMERICAS
EUROPE
ASIA-PACIFIC
HOME
EUROPE
Ukraine drone attack on Moscow region wounds 10 people
EUROPE
A fresh Ukrainian drone attack on the Moscow region Monday night wounded at least 10 people, including a child, Russian authorities said, with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky saying the strikes had targeted an oil depot and "logistics facilities".
Issued on: 20/07/2026 - 10:45
Modified: 20/07/2026 - 17:19
2 min
Reading time
Share
By:
FRANCE 24
Video by:
Emerald MAXWELL
To display this content from YouTube, you must enable advertisement tracking and audience measurement.
01:17
Ukraine launched scores of drones at the Moscow region Monday night, sparking fires and wounding at least 10 people, Russia said.
Ukraine ‚ÅÝ‚Äãstruck Russian "‚Äãlogistics facilities" and an oil ‚Äãdepot ‚Äåin ‚ÅÝthe Moscow ‚Äåregion more than ‚ÅÝ400km from the Ukrainian ‚Äãborder, President ‚ÄåVolodymyr Zelensky said on ‚ÄåMonday.
"We are ‚Äãresponding, justly, to every Russian strike ‚Äãagainst our ‚Äãcities and ‚Äãcommunities," Zelensky ‚Äãsaid in a post on X.
To display this content from X (Twitter), you must enable advertisement tracking and audience measurement.
The strikes came after Russia hit Kyiv with ballistic missiles on Sunday and after Ukrainian strikes on Wildberries e-commerce warehouses outside Moscow killed eight warehouse workers on Saturday.
Kyiv has for months intensified its retaliatory strikes on Russia, causing fuel shortages and disrupting ordinary life more than ever during Moscow's more than four-year offensive in Ukraine.
Russia said it downed almost 400 drones in the region around the capital, now a regular target of Ukraine's attacks.
Moscow Region Governor Andrei Vorobyov said 10 people, including a child, were wounded.
Three of the wounded were Chinese citizens, he said.
He said "several private homes" were damaged in Podolsk, south of Moscow.
One person was wounded after a drone fell near their car on a motorway, Vorobyov said.
He said the towns of Domodedovo¬Ý‚Äì which hosts an international airport¬Ý‚Äì and Odintsovo were also hit.
READ MORE
No fuel, no patience: Russians endure fuel shortages
Wildberries, Russia's largest ‚Äãonline retailer, said on Monday its logistics centre in ‚Äãthe Podolsk district¬Ýhad been evacuated as a precaution but later resumed normal ‚Äãoperations.
Domodedovo's mayor Yevgeniya Khrustaleva said in ‚Äåa statement on Telegram that a fire had broken out at ‚ÅÝa local industrial park, and that a residential building had also been struck.
Further south, on the Ukrainian border, the governor of Belgorod region said that one person had been killed and four wounded by a drone ‚Äåattack on a village close to the frontier.
Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin said 85 drones were shot down as they approached the Russian capital.
A day earlier, a Russian ballistic missile attack killed one person and wounded 16 in Ukraine's capital, Kyiv said.
Russia has hit Ukraine's capital with a series of deadly missile strikes this summer, with June seeing the most civilian casualties in Ukraine since 2022.
Kyiv says its strikes on Russia¬Ý‚Äì which have hit as far as the Urals and Siberia¬Ý‚Äì are intended to damage Moscow's war effort as well as force the Kremlin to negotiate.
(FRANCE 24 with AFP and Reuters)
READ NEXT
Russia launches deadly strikes on Kyiv after attack on Moscow warehouses
EUROPE
Ukrainian drone attack killed several in Moscow logistics centre, Russia say
EUROPE
TODAY'S TOP STORIES
Trump signs order imposing new 50% tariffs on certain Canadian goods
ECONOMY
UK‚Äôs new Prime Minister Andy Burnham vows to ‚Äòbuild a new economy‚Äô in maiden speech
EUROPE
Lebanese army deploys to three southern pilot zones under US-backed security framework
MIDDLE EAST
Who is Khalil al-Hayya, Hamas‚Äôs new leader?
MIDDLE EAST
Live: Iran fighting 'full-scale war' with US, Yemen's Houthis announce Saudi naval blockade
LIVE
MIDDLE EAST
ADVERTISING
MOST READ
Keywords for this article
Ukraine
Russia
drones
Moscow