See our 233 partners
Deny
Skip to main content
HOME
SHOWS
NEWSFEED
LIVE
EN
SETTINGS
MENU
FRANCE
AFRICA
MIDDLE EAST
AMERICAS
EUROPE
ASIA-PACIFIC
HOME
EUROPE
Hungary PM Magyar proposes chess grandmaster Judit Polgar for president
EUROPE
Hungarian Prime Minister Peter Magyar will meet with former chess champion Judit Polgar on Monday to ask her if she will serve as the country's next president. Hungarian lawmakers last week passed an amendment removing the current president from office after Magyar accused him of being a "puppet" of former prime minister Viktor Orban.
Issued on: 20/07/2026 - 11:29
2 min
Reading time
Share
By:
FRANCE 24
Judit Polgar attends the "Queen Of Chess" Premiere during the 2026 Sundance Film Festival at Eccles Center Theater on January 27, 2026 in Park City, Utah. © Dia Dipasupil, Getty Images via AFP
Hungary's Prime Minister Peter Magyar has proposed chess grandmaster Judit Polgar for president, a position that will become vacant following last week's constitutional amendment that removed the current president from office.
"Our country needs unity, peace and a president of whom all Hungarians can be proud," Magyar said in a Facebook post, adding that he will meet with Polgar on Monday to ask her if she would be willing to serve.
Polgar, who will turn 50 in a few days, is considered as the greatest woman chess player of all time and was the top-ranked woman player for 25 years when she retired in 2014.
Polgar and her two sisters – Zsuzsa (Susan) and Zsofia (Sofia) – along with Ildiko Madl won the 1988 Chess Olympiad for Hungary's women's ​team, ending Soviet dominance.
Judit Polgar played in tournaments against men and ​became one of the top players in a male-dominated ​sport. She is the only woman to ​have crossed the 2700-rating threshold that many consider the “Super GM” distinction.
Hungarian lawmakers last week passed an amendment that removed current President Tamas Sulyok, an ally of former prime minister Viktor Orban whom Magyar swept from power during elections this year.
La Grande Maîtresse d'échecs hongroise Judit Polgar, âgée de 17 ans, affronte un adversaire le 11 août 1993 lors du Salon international des échecs de Boston, à Boston, dans le Massachusetts. © Jim Rogash, AP
Magyar, who won his landslide victory in April on the promise of "regime change" after Orban's 16 years in power, has accused the unpopular president and other top state officials of being Orban's "puppets".
READ MORE
New Hungarian PM Magyar's hunt for Orban allies has already begun
Sulyok's last day as president was Sunday and Agnes Forsthoffer, the speaker of parliament, is set to temporarily serve as head of state until parliament elects a new president within 30 days.
Some rights groups have criticised the constitutional change, with Human Rights Watch saying the tinkering was "reminiscent of (the) Fidesz era", referring to Orban's party.
(FRANCE 24 with AFP and Reuters)
READ NEXT
Hungary’s Magyar threatens constitutional amendment if Orban-appointed president refuses to resign
EUROPE
Ukraine's EU accession bid gains traction as Hungary lifts veto
EUROPE
TODAY'S TOP STORIES
Middle East live: US and Iran exchange strikes as Tehran says talks continue through mediators
LIVE
MIDDLE EAST
Trump says World Cup made US a 'soccer country' as he presents trophy to Spain
SPORT
'Last chance': Labour's Andy Burnham set to take over as new British PM
EUROPE
Messi denied dream farewell as Argentina lose World Cup final to Spain
SPORT
India bans march on parliament by ‘Cockroach’ activists, risking a standoff
ASIA / PACIFIC
ADVERTISING
MOST READ
Keywords for this article
Hungary
Peter Magyar
Viktor Orban
chess