You can change your choice or withdraw your consent anytime by clicking "Customize" below or the "Manage my privacy settings" link available in the menu.
France 24 - International breaking news, top stories and headlines
Live: Iran fighting 'full-scale war' with US, Yemen's Houthis announce Saudi naval blockade
Share
By:
Louise NORDSTROM
Boats pictured near the coast of Bab el-Mandeb, in Yemen. © Reuters file photo
Iranian President Masoud Pezeshkian on Monday said his country was in a "full-scale war" with the United States after the US military carried out a ninth consecutive night of attacks and Tehran responded by targeting US allies in the Gulf. Yemen's Iran-backed Houthi rebels announced a maritime embargo of their foe Saudi Arabia after the pair traded fire last week for the first time in years. Follow our liveblog for the latest updates.
SUMMARY
British military says a ship is ablaze in the Strait of Hormuz near the coast of Oman
Trump says US hitting Iran 'very hard' to honor Americans killed
Iran's President Pezeshkian says country in 'full-scale war' with US
Hamas names Khalil Al-Hayya as new leader
Yemen’s Houthis announce maritime embargo against Saudi Arabia
US military says new round of strikes launched on Iran
4 hours ago
US military says it's carrying out its 10th consecutive night of strikes on Iran
The United States military said late Monday it was carrying out its 10th consecutive night of strikes on Iran in a push to reopen the Strait of Hormuz. The renewed bombings followed the death of another American service member, and came after Iran launched attacks on American allies Kuwait, Jordan and Bahrain, home of the US Navy’s 5th Fleet.
US Central Command said on social media that the latest strikes “are designed to further degrade Iranian military capabilities used to attack commercial shipping" in the strait.
Even as the US and Iran inch closer to all-out war again, glimmers of hope appeared on the diplomatic front, as Iran's interior minister traveled to Pakistan, a key mediator in the conflict, for talks.
SHARE
4 hours ago
US soldiers killed by Iran were from Texas and Hawaii, military says
Two US Army soldiers killed in Jordan while defending against Iranian ballistic missile and drone attacks were identified on Monday — the first US troop deaths from direct Iranian fire since the opening days of the war.
The Defense Department said in a statement that Tyler James Feehan, 25, of Ewa Beach, Hawaii, and Isabella Gonzales, 19, of Carrollton, Texas, were killed in Jordan in Friday’s attacks.
Feehan, a first lieutenant, will be posthumously promoted to the rank of captain and awarded the Bronze Star, Purple Heart and Combat Action Badge medals. The Army did not provide details about his commendations. He was assigned out of Fort Bragg, North Carolina, to the 32nd Army Air Missile Defense Command.
Gonzales was a private with the 10th Army Air Missile Defense Command in Ansbach, Germany. She graduated last year from Hebron High School in Carrollton, near Dallas, school officials said.
SHARE
5 hours ago
US military says new round of strikes launched on Iran
US forces launched a new round of strikes against Iran on Monday, US Central Command said.
The strikes, which began at 4:00pm (2000 GMT), are “designed to further degrade Iranian military capabilities used to attack commercial shipping in the Strait of Hormuz,” CENTCOM said.
SHARE
5 hours ago
Saudi-led coalition in Yemen says it will respond to Houthis threats to ships with force
The ​Saudi-led coalition ​in Yemen said it will respond ​to ‌Houthis ⁠threats ‌to ships with “force” after ⁠the Iran-aligned group declared ​a naval ‌blockade on the kingdom.
The coalition ‌said in ​a statement it began to implement safety ​measures ​for its ​ships passing ​through Bab el-Mandeb Strait.
SHARE
5 hours ago
Fears over Gulf shipping and water rise as US-Iran trade strikes
SHARE
6 hours ago
Netanyahu will not be arrested in US, Trump says, as New York mayor mulls options
US President Donald Trump said that ​Israeli Prime ‌Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will not be arrested when he visits the US, ⁠after New York City Mayor Zohran Mamdani said he was still considering the move.
“Benjamin Netanyahu will not be arrested, in any way, shape, or ‌form, while in the United States of America,” Trump wrote in a social ⁠media post. The Hague-based International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for Netanyahu in 2024 for alleged war crimes during the Gaza ​war. Israel rejects the court’s jurisdiction and denies committing war crimes.
Trump did not ‌mention Mamdani in his Truth Social post, but credited Israel with helping in the Iran war.
The New York City mayor said in an interview broadcast on Saturday that the city’s legal department is actively considering what ‌the law might allow.
“I believe that Prime Minister Netanyahu belongs in The Hague. He’s a war criminal who has been charged by ​the International Criminal Court,” Mamdani told a New York Times vid