Skip Navigation Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Markets Europe Markets China Markets Asia Markets World Markets Currencies Prediction Markets Cryptocurrency Futures & Commodities Bonds Funds & ETFs Business Economy Finance Health & Science Media Real Estate Energy Climate Transportation Investigations Industrials Retail Wealth Sports Life Small Business Investing Personal Finance Fintech Financial Advisors Options Action ETF Street Buffett Archive Earnings Trader Talk Tech Cybersecurity AI Enterprise Internet Media Mobile Social Media CNBC Disruptor 50 Tech Guide Politics White House Policy Defense Congress Expanding Opportunity Europe Politics China Politics Asia Politics World Politics Video Latest Video Full Episodes Livestream Top Video Live Audio Europe TV Asia TV CNBC Podcasts CEO Interviews Digital Originals Watchlist Investing Club Trust Portfolio Analysis Trade Alerts Meeting Videos Homestretch Jim's Columns Education Subscribe PRO Pro News Josh Brown Mike Santoli Calls of the Day My Portfolio Livestream Full Episodes Stock Screener Market Forecast Options Investing Chart Investing Subscribe Livestream Menu Make It select USA INTL Livestream Search quotes, news & videos Livestream Watchlist SIGN IN Create free account Markets Business Investing Tech Politics Video Watchlist Investing Club PRO Livestream Menu Oil Inflation fears are back in the spotlight as the Middle East conflict keeps oil prices elevated, analysts say Published Tue, Jul 21 2026 12:01 AM EDT Justina Lee @in/justina-lee-2742aa59 WATCH LIVE Key Points Europe and parts of Asia, which are more reliant on energy imports, will remain more exposed to global headline inflation. A fresh energy shock would leave the Fed focused on upside inflation risks, OCBC said. Fed hawkishness is also "here to stay" until there is relief in the energy markets, according to Yung-Yu Ma, chief investment strategist at PNC Asset Management. Oil prices fell in early trading on Friday but remained on track for weekly gains as the United States and Iran continued trading ​strikes. Brandon Bell | Getty Images News | Getty Images Inflation fears are back on the table, amid worries over escalating tensions between the U.S. and Iran in the Middle East conflict which has kept oil prices elevated, according to analysts. BlackRock estimates that the conflict will add around 0.8 percentage points to global headline inflation, though the impact may not be uniform across all regions. Europe and parts of Asia, which are more reliant on energy imports, will remain more exposed to global headline inflation, BlackRock said in a note. OCBC agreed, in a report saying that "with labor market data pointing to stabilization rather than deterioration, a fresh energy shock would leave the Fed focused on upside inflation risks." While profit margins increasing for U.S. small- and mid-cap companies in the equity markets is a positive development, "I'm not sure that those trends can withstand a couple of quarters of higher oil prices and continued strains with inflation pressures," Yung-Yu Ma, chief investment strategist at PNC Asset Management said on CNBC's " Squawk Box Asia ." The Fed hawkishness is "here to stay," Ma reckons, "until we start to see relief in the energy markets, the oil markets, and some of these other inflation pressures, which have taken a renewed path higher." "We have to think about a balanced portfolio here, where to diversify some of that risk away," Ma said. Choose CNBC as your preferred source on Google and never miss a moment from the most trusted name in business news. Subscribe to CNBC PRO Subscribe to Investing Club Licensing & Reprints CNBC Councils Join the CNBC Panel Digital Products News Releases Closed Captioning Corrections About CNBC Internships Site Map Careers Help Contact News Tips Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Get In Touch CNBC Newsletters Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Sign Up Now Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services. Advertise With Us Please Contact Us Ad Choices Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices CA Notice Terms of Service © 2026 Versant Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Versant Media Company.
Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes.
Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data
and Analysis.
Market Data Terms of Use and Disclaimers Data also provided by