Skip Navigation Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Markets Europe Markets China Markets Asia Markets World Markets Currencies Prediction Markets Cryptocurrency Futures & Commodities Bonds Funds & ETFs Business Economy Finance Health & Science Media Real Estate Energy Climate Transportation Investigations Industrials Retail Wealth Sports Life Small Business Investing Personal Finance Fintech Financial Advisors Options Action ETF Street Buffett Archive Earnings Trader Talk Tech Cybersecurity AI Enterprise Internet Media Mobile Social Media CNBC Disruptor 50 Tech Guide Politics White House Policy Defense Congress Expanding Opportunity Europe Politics China Politics Asia Politics World Politics Video Latest Video Full Episodes Livestream Top Video Live Audio Europe TV Asia TV CNBC Podcasts CEO Interviews Digital Originals Watchlist Investing Club Trust Portfolio Analysis Trade Alerts Meeting Videos Homestretch Jim's Columns Education Subscribe PRO Pro News Josh Brown Mike Santoli Calls of the Day My Portfolio Livestream Full Episodes Stock Screener Market Forecast Options Investing Chart Investing Subscribe Livestream Menu Make It select USA INTL Livestream Search quotes, news & videos Livestream Watchlist SIGN IN Create free account Markets Business Investing Tech Politics Video Watchlist Investing Club PRO Livestream Menu Autos General Motors is set to report earnings before the bell. Here's what Wall Street expects Published Tue, Jul 21 2026 12:01 AM EDT Michael Wayland @MikeWayland WATCH LIVE Key Points General Motors is set to report its second-quarter earnings before the bell Tuesday. Wall Street analysts expect adjusted earnings per share of $3.20 and revenue of $47.01 billion. GM executives will host an earnings conference call at 8:30 a.m. ET. In this article GM Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT The General Motors global headquarters in Detroit, Jan. 12, 2026. Jeff Kowalsky | Bloomberg | Getty Images DETROIT — General Motors is set to report its second-quarter earnings before the bell Tuesday. Here is what Wall Street is expecting, according to average estimates compiled by LSEG: Earnings per share: $3.20 adjusted Revenue: $47.01 billion Those results would mark a more than 26% increase in adjusted earnings per share and 0.2% decline in revenue compared with a year earlier. GM's 2025 second-quarter results included $47.12 billion in revenue, net income attributable to stockholders of $1.9 billion, and adjusted earnings before interest and taxes of $3.04 billion. Aside from earnings and any changes to the automaker's 2026 guidance, investors will be monitoring effects from tariffs, vehicle pricing and commodity costs, including dynamic random access memory, or DRAM, chips. Read more Automakers report mixed U.S. sales results as hybrid vehicles drive market Toyota to invest $3.6 billion to move Tacoma pickup truck production from Mexico to Texas Ford Q2 sales drop 10.3% due to F-Series supplier issue, falling EV demand Barclays analyst Dan Levy said he expects both GM and its crosstown rival Ford Motor , which reports next week, to post earnings beats for the second quarter "and at least a soft raise." "[Automakers] are benefiting from strong macro - US [seasonally adjusted annual rate] outperformed in 1H, while pricing has remained steady. Moreover, both Ford and GM have embedded conservatism in their guides," he said in a July 8 investor note. GM raised its 2026 adjusted earnings guidance in April to reflect a $500 million tariff rebate to between $13.5 billion and $15.5 billion, or $11.50 to $13.50 a share, up $500 million, or 50 cents per share, from its previous expectations. Choose CNBC as your preferred source on Google and never miss a moment from the most trusted name in business news. Subscribe to CNBC PRO Subscribe to Investing Club Licensing & Reprints CNBC Councils Join the CNBC Panel Digital Products News Releases Closed Captioning Corrections About CNBC Internships Site Map Careers Help Contact News Tips Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Get In Touch CNBC Newsletters Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Sign Up Now Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services. Advertise With Us Please Contact Us Ad Choices Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices CA Notice Terms of Service © 2026 Versant Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Versant Media Company.
Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes.
Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data
and Analysis.
Market Data Terms of Use and Disclaimers Data also provided by