Skip Navigation Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Markets Europe Markets China Markets Asia Markets World Markets Currencies Prediction Markets Cryptocurrency Futures & Commodities Bonds Funds & ETFs Business Economy Finance Health & Science Media Real Estate Energy Climate Transportation Investigations Industrials Retail Wealth Sports Life Small Business Investing Personal Finance Fintech Financial Advisors Options Action ETF Street Buffett Archive Earnings Trader Talk Tech Cybersecurity AI Enterprise Internet Media Mobile Social Media CNBC Disruptor 50 Tech Guide Politics White House Policy Defense Congress Expanding Opportunity Europe Politics China Politics Asia Politics World Politics Video Latest Video Full Episodes Livestream Top Video Live Audio Europe TV Asia TV CNBC Podcasts CEO Interviews Digital Originals Watchlist Investing Club Trust Portfolio Analysis Trade Alerts Meeting Videos Homestretch Jim's Columns Education Subscribe PRO Pro News Josh Brown Mike Santoli Calls of the Day My Portfolio Livestream Full Episodes Stock Screener Market Forecast Options Investing Chart Investing Subscribe Livestream Menu Make It select USA INTL Livestream Search quotes, news & videos Livestream Watchlist SIGN IN Create free account Markets Business Investing Tech Politics Video Watchlist Investing Club PRO Livestream Menu Politics U.S. condemns China's 'dangerous and aggressive' acts after Philippine sailor injured at disputed shoal Published Mon, Jul 20 2026 10:20 PM EDT Updated 2 Hours Ago Anniek Bao @in/anniek-bao-460a48107/ @anniekbyx WATCH LIVE Key Points Washington condemns China's "dangerous and aggressive" conduct after Manila said a Chinese coast guard officer struck a Filipino sailor during a clash at a disputed South China Sea shoal. Secretary of State Marco Rubio is expected to visit Manila for high-level meetings of Southeast Asian foreign ministers. Tensions in the South China Sea are expected to dominate conversations, with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi in attendance. A ship identified by the Philippine Coast Guard as a Chinese research vessel is seen towing a floating structure at Scarborough Shoal in the disputed South China Sea on June 15, 2026. Jam Sta Rosa | Afp | Getty Images The U.S. condemned what it termed China's "dangerous and aggressive" actions against Philippine navy personnel in the contested South China Sea waters, after Manila said a Chinese coast guard officer repeatedly struck a Filipino sailor on the head with a wooden baton, injuring him and damaging a navy rubber boat. The confrontation in the Second Thomas Shoal on Monday came as U.S. Secretary of State Marco Rubio is scheduled to visit Manila this week for meetings of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations foreign ministers. Tensions in the South China Sea are expected to feature prominently in the discussions, with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi also in attendance . Rubio met Wang on the sidelines of last year's ASEAN gathering in Malaysia , and the two spoke by phone after President Donald Trump's Beijing visit earlier this year. Rubio's trip also comes days after President Donald Trump accused Beijing of substantial meddling in U.S. elections. watch now VIDEO 2:47 02:47 ASEAN foreign ministers gather in Manila as South China Sea disputes loom Squawk Box Asia The shoal is one of the most volatile flashpoints in the South China Sea, where Beijing claims almost the entire waterway despite a 2016 arbitral ruling that found those claims have no basis in international law. The reef lies within the Philippines' exclusive economic zone but has seen repeated clashes since 2023 , as Chinese vessels have used water cannon, lasers, and ramming to block Filipino resupply missions. Washington is bound to Manila by a mutual defense treaty signed in 1951, meaning a serious escalation could draw in support from the U.S. "We stand with our Ally, the Philippines," State Department spokesperson Tommy Pigott said in a statement Monday, calling on Beijing to "immediately cease its destabilizing conduct" and reaffirming the 2016 arbitral ruling that found China's expansive South China Sea claims have no basis in international law. The Armed Forces of the Philippines said the encounter occurred near the BRP Sierra Madre, the warship Manila grounded on the shoal almost 30 years ago to anchor its claim. The military said a Chinese inflatable boat carrying eight personnel approached the outpost at close range and "reacted violently and aggressively" when two Philippine navy boats moved to drive the Chinese vessel away. Beijing has disputed that account with the China Coast Guard claiming Philippine dinghies launched "illegally" from the Sierra Madre, ignored repeated warnings, and rammed its patrol vessel, and that Filipino personnel attacked Chinese officers with oars and long sticks. The flare-up complicates a week Manila had hoped would showcase its ASEAN chairmanship . Wang is scheduled to meet Philippine Foreign Secretary Theresa Lazaro on 