Skip Navigation Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Markets Europe Markets China Markets Asia Markets World Markets Currencies Prediction Markets Cryptocurrency Futures & Commodities Bonds Funds & ETFs Business Economy Finance Health & Science Media Real Estate Energy Climate Transportation Investigations Industrials Retail Wealth Sports Life Small Business Investing Personal Finance Fintech Financial Advisors Options Action ETF Street Buffett Archive Earnings Trader Talk Tech Cybersecurity AI Enterprise Internet Media Mobile Social Media CNBC Disruptor 50 Tech Guide Politics White House Policy Defense Congress Expanding Opportunity Europe Politics China Politics Asia Politics World Politics Video Latest Video Full Episodes Livestream Top Video Live Audio Europe TV Asia TV CNBC Podcasts CEO Interviews Digital Originals Watchlist Investing Club Trust Portfolio Analysis Trade Alerts Meeting Videos Homestretch Jim's Columns Education Subscribe PRO Pro News Josh Brown Mike Santoli Calls of the Day My Portfolio Livestream Full Episodes Stock Screener Market Forecast Options Investing Chart Investing Subscribe Livestream Menu Make It select USA INTL Livestream Search quotes, news & videos Livestream Watchlist SIGN IN Create free account Markets Business Investing Tech Politics Video Watchlist Investing Club PRO Livestream Menu Finance Jamie Dimon says markets underestimate risks and he wouldn't buy stocks or Treasurys at current prices Published Mon, Jul 20 2026 7:01 PM EDT Hugh Son @hugh_son WATCH LIVE Key Points JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said investors are underestimating geopolitical and fiscal risks that could eventually rattle markets. Dimon said he wouldn't be a buyer of either equities or long-dated U.S. Treasurys at current prices. "I do think those risks are probably bigger than other people think," Dimon said, pointing to wars in Ukraine and the Middle East, tensions between the U.S. and China, and rising military spending in a time of mounting government deficits. In this article .SPX JPM Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT Jamie Dimon, chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co., speaks during the 2025 Institute of International Finance annual membership meeting in Washington, Oct. 16, 2025. Samuel Corum | Bloomberg | Getty Images JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said investors are underestimating the risks facing the global economy and that he wouldn't buy either equities or long-dated U.S. Treasurys at their current prices. In an hourlong interview with Wilfred Frost released late Monday, Dimon said markets aren't fully accounting for a growing list of geopolitical and fiscal threats. "I do think those risks are probably bigger than other people think," Dimon said, pointing to wars in Ukraine and the Middle East, tensions between the U.S. and China, and rising military spending in a time of mounting government deficits. Asked whether markets are underpricing the chance of a major shock, Dimon said it's difficult to know exactly what risks are already reflected in asset prices. "It's possible something's baked in, but what's not baked in is what actually happens," he said. Dimon, who leads the world's largest bank by market cap, often warns the public about the economic risks he sees. His latest comments contrast with investors' recent willingness to look past wars, tariffs and other shocks. The S&P 500 has returned nearly 10% this year as consumers continue to spend, inflation has moderated and investors have embraced the artificial intelligence trade. Last week, JPMorgan Chase and its peers posted blockbuster quarterly results powered by surging trading and investment banking revenue, reinforcing the view that the U.S. economy has weathered recent geopolitical turmoil better than many expected. watch now VIDEO 5:17 05:17 Sneak peek of Wilfred Frost's one-on-one with JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon Squawk on the Street Dimon acknowledged in the interview with "The Master Investor Podcast" that the global economy has become more resilient because of a lower energy dependence than in previous decades, but warned that doesn't eliminate the possibility of a sudden inflection point. "You may need more straws in the camel's back to cause that tipping point," he said. "Even this current war starting up again, maybe that's not enough to do it." Persistent U.S. budget deficits will eventually force a reckoning, potentially driving interest rates higher, Dimon said. "My view is it will become a problem," he said, predicting higher interest rates as so-called bond vigilantes demand greater compensation to finance the government's debt. Stocks, AI cycle When asked, Dimon said he wouldn't purchase long-dated Treasurys: "Personally, no," he said. Even if inflation falls back to the Federal Reserve's 2% target, "the 10-year bond should probably be at 4% to 4.5%," he said, adding that he sees little upside for Treasury prices. He was similarly cautious on stocks. While he would consider an individual stock if it w