Skip Navigation Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Markets Europe Markets China Markets Asia Markets World Markets Currencies Prediction Markets Cryptocurrency Futures & Commodities Bonds Funds & ETFs Business Economy Finance Health & Science Media Real Estate Energy Climate Transportation Investigations Industrials Retail Wealth Sports Life Small Business Investing Personal Finance Fintech Financial Advisors Options Action ETF Street Buffett Archive Earnings Trader Talk Tech Cybersecurity AI Enterprise Internet Media Mobile Social Media CNBC Disruptor 50 Tech Guide Politics White House Policy Defense Congress Expanding Opportunity Europe Politics China Politics Asia Politics World Politics Video Latest Video Full Episodes Livestream Top Video Live Audio Europe TV Asia TV CNBC Podcasts CEO Interviews Digital Originals Watchlist Investing Club Trust Portfolio Analysis Trade Alerts Meeting Videos Homestretch Jim's Columns Education Subscribe PRO Pro News Josh Brown Mike Santoli Calls of the Day My Portfolio Livestream Full Episodes Stock Screener Market Forecast Options Investing Chart Investing Subscribe Livestream Menu Make It select USA INTL Livestream Search quotes, news & videos Livestream Watchlist SIGN IN Create free account Markets Business Investing Tech Politics Video Watchlist Investing Club PRO Livestream Menu Monday - Friday, 6:00 - 7:00 PM ET Mad Money Video Mad Money with Jim Cramer Full Episodes Cramer's Soundboard Mad Money Jim Cramer says it's time to look beyond tech as AI uncertainty rattles the market Published Mon, Jul 20 2026 6:20 PM EDT Alexa LoMonaco @in/alexa-lomonaco/ WATCH LIVE Key Points CNBC's Jim Cramer says the AI trade has become too unpredictable, making this a better time to put new money into high-quality companies outside of technology. While he's waiting for a broader pullback before buying more tech, Cramer remains bullish on long-term AI leaders including Nvidia and Intel. In this article FDXF Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT watch now VIDEO 1:32 01:32 Today was a day to buy companies like FedEx, Honeywell Aerospace, and GE, says Jim Cramer Mad Money with Jim Cramer CNBC's Jim Cramer said Monday that the artificial intelligence trade has become too noisy and unpredictable to aggressively put new money to work — at least for now. "If you own too much tech, you're going to be slaughtered, and you won't even know what hit you," the " Mad Money " host said. "For the moment, it's time to go to other sectors. They can make you money, without the volatility." Semiconductor and AI-related stocks have come under pressure in recent weeks after surging to records earlier this year. Cramer argued it may be time to stop chasing every twist in the AI trade and instead focus on high-quality companies in other sectors . "It makes me want to just find high-quality companies like Goldman Sachs and Wells Fargo , or dig my teeth into FedEx and FedEx Freight , or scoop up some Honeywell and Boeing ," he said. Cramer's Charitable Trust, the portfolio used by the CNBC Investing Club, owns all six companies. Still, Cramer stressed that he is not abandoning artificial intelligence altogether. He said he remains bullish on Club name Nvidia , arguing the chipmaker continues to dominate the data center market despite customers' efforts to develop their own chips. "Nvidia is at the heart of the data center," Cramer said, saying it's AI server racks are "the envy of the world and only AMD comes close." Cramer also reiterated his bullish stance on Intel ahead of the chipmaker's earnings report , calling it a "triple play" because of its central processing unit (CPU) business, advanced chip-packaging capabilities, and its burgeoning third-party foundry business. "Intel is a national treasure," said Cramer, who also owns Intel for the Club. Even so, Cramer said he is waiting for a broader washout in technology before adding meaningfully to the sector. Until then, he thinks investors are better off putting money to work in high-quality companies outside tech while they wait for more attractive entry points into AI stocks. watch now VIDEO 10:52 10:52 If you own too much tech, now is the time to use caution, says Jim Cramer Mad Money with Jim Cramer Jim Cramer's Guide to Investing Click here to read Jim Cramer's Guide to Investing   at no cost to help you build long-term wealth and invest smarter Sign up now  for the CNBC Investing Club to follow Jim Cramer's every move in the market. Disclaimer Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Choose CNBC as your preferred source on Google and never miss a moment from the most trusted name in business news. Subscribe to CNBC PRO Subscribe to Investing Club Licensing & Reprints CNBC Councils Join the CNBC Panel Digital Products News Releases Closed Caption