Skip Navigation Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Markets Europe Markets China Markets Asia Markets World Markets Currencies Prediction Markets Cryptocurrency Futures & Commodities Bonds Funds & ETFs Business Economy Finance Health & Science Media Real Estate Energy Climate Transportation Investigations Industrials Retail Wealth Sports Life Small Business Investing Personal Finance Fintech Financial Advisors Options Action ETF Street Buffett Archive Earnings Trader Talk Tech Cybersecurity AI Enterprise Internet Media Mobile Social Media CNBC Disruptor 50 Tech Guide Politics White House Policy Defense Congress Expanding Opportunity Europe Politics China Politics Asia Politics World Politics Video Latest Video Full Episodes Livestream Top Video Live Audio Europe TV Asia TV CNBC Podcasts CEO Interviews Digital Originals Watchlist Investing Club Trust Portfolio Analysis Trade Alerts Meeting Videos Homestretch Jim's Columns Education Subscribe PRO Pro News Josh Brown Mike Santoli Calls of the Day My Portfolio Livestream Full Episodes Stock Screener Market Forecast Options Investing Chart Investing Subscribe Livestream Menu Make It select USA INTL Livestream Search quotes, news & videos Livestream Watchlist SIGN IN Create free account Markets Business Investing Tech Politics Video Watchlist Investing Club PRO Livestream Menu Politics Trump imposing 50% tariffs on certain Canadian goods over alleged trade discrimination Published Mon, Jul 20 2026 5:00 PM EDT Updated Mon, Jul 20 2026 6:13 PM EDT Kevin Breuninger @KevinWilliamB WATCH LIVE Key Points The U.S. is imposing additional 50% tariffs on a range of Canadian goods, senior Trump administration officials said. President Donald Trump signed three proclamations Monday targeting different sets of Canadian imports with the steep tariffs in response to alleged trade discrimination. The tariffs, which fall under the rarely used Section 338 of the Tariff Act of 1930, are set to take effect 30 days after the signings, according to the officials. US President Donald Trump speaks after signing an executive order to drastically shrink two national monuments in Utah, paving the way for fossil fuel extraction and mining. Saul Loeb | AFP | Getty Images The U.S. is imposing additional 50% tariffs on a range of Canadian goods in response to alleged trade discrimination against multiple U.S. products and industries, senior Trump administration officials said Monday. President Donald Trump signed three proclamations Monday targeting different sets of Canadian imports with the steep tariffs in response to separate areas — motor vehicles , alcohol and dairy — where the U.S. says it has been treated unfairly, the officials said in a call with reporters. The tariffs, which fall under the rarely used Section 338 of the Tariff Act of 1930, are set to take effect 30 days after the signings, according to the officials. Each proclamation slaps tariffs on different Canadian products, "ranging from wine to hockey sticks to cement," an official on the call said. The new tariffs "apply to all covered goods," regardless of whether they are otherwise covered under the existing free trade agreement between the U.S. and Canada, the official said. "Canada has to be held accountable for this continued discrimination," the official said. Ontario Premier Doug Ford said on X later Monday afternoon that Canada "should respond tariff for tariff, dollar for dollar" if the new U.S. import duties proceed. The Canadian Embassy in Washington, did not immediately respond to CNBC's request for comment on the new U.S. trade actions. Read more CNBC politics coverage Trump imposing 50% tariffs on certain Canadian goods over alleged trade discrimination Trump says Netanyahu won't be arrested in New York, pushing back on Mamdani Sen. Darline Graham running for full term to replace late brother Lindsey Graham Canada's status as the U.S.'s long-time close ally and trade partner has eroded amid Trump's tariff-heavy agenda and vocal displeasure with the nations' trilateral trade pact including Mexico, among other sources of tension . The U.S. and Canada engaged in escalating trade fight last year, as Trump slapped heavy tariffs on Canadian goods and Ottawa retaliated. Earlier this month, the Trump administration said it would not renew that trade agreement, known as USMCA, opting instead to cast a shadow over the treaty's future by triggering a series of annual reviews. Last week, Trump tore into Canada over the wildfires blazing through northwestern Ontario, which led to major air pollution issues across large areas of the U.S. mainland. Claiming the issue has harmed the U.S. to the tune of billions of dollars, Trump wrote on Truth Social that those costs "must of necessity be added to the TARIFFS Canada is currently paying." One of the senior officials on Monday specified that the newly announced 50% tariffs on Canadian goods are not related to the wildfires — but added that Trump "has asked for options on that." Section 338