Skip Navigation Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Markets Europe Markets China Markets Asia Markets World Markets Currencies Prediction Markets Cryptocurrency Futures & Commodities Bonds Funds & ETFs Business Economy Finance Health & Science Media Real Estate Energy Climate Transportation Investigations Industrials Retail Wealth Sports Life Small Business Investing Personal Finance Fintech Financial Advisors Options Action ETF Street Buffett Archive Earnings Trader Talk Tech Cybersecurity AI Enterprise Internet Media Mobile Social Media CNBC Disruptor 50 Tech Guide Politics White House Policy Defense Congress Expanding Opportunity Europe Politics China Politics Asia Politics World Politics Video Latest Video Full Episodes Livestream Top Video Live Audio Europe TV Asia TV CNBC Podcasts CEO Interviews Digital Originals Watchlist Investing Club Trust Portfolio Analysis Trade Alerts Meeting Videos Homestretch Jim's Columns Education Subscribe PRO Pro News Josh Brown Mike Santoli Calls of the Day My Portfolio Livestream Full Episodes Stock Screener Market Forecast Options Investing Chart Investing Subscribe Livestream Menu Make It select USA INTL Livestream Search quotes, news & videos Livestream Watchlist SIGN IN Create free account Markets Business Investing Tech Politics Video Watchlist Investing Club PRO Livestream Menu Tech Alphabet stock pops on report it's developing a more efficient AI chip Published Mon, Jul 20 2026 10:00 AM EDT Updated Mon, Jul 20 2026 4:44 PM EDT MacKenzie Sigalos @KENZIESIGALOS WATCH LIVE Key Points Alphabet shares climbed following a report by The Information that the company is developing a new server chip designed to run Gemini models more efficiently. The chip, called "Frozen v2," would permanently embed parts of Gemini's architecture directly into the silicon, according to the report. Google engineers project it could serve between six and ten times more tokens per unit of power than the company's newest AI chips called TPUs, the outlet said. In this article BABA GOOGL Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT watch now VIDEO 1:41 01:41 Google DeepMind CEO in Washington: Here's what to expect Squawk Box Alphabet shares closed 1.51% higher on Monday after The Information reported the company is developing a new server chip, internally dubbed "Frozen v2," designed to run Gemini models more efficiently. The chip would permanently embed parts of Gemini's architecture directly into the silicon, reducing the number of calculations and amount of data movement required to answer queries, according to the news outlet. Alphabet told CNBC in a statement that its teams are "constantly researching and experimenting with new innovations to deliver maximum performance and efficiency for our users and customers" and that "while not every project moves into production, this rigorous exploration is central to our full stack approach." "By co-designing our hardware and software from the ground up, we ensure our systems are integrated and highly optimized for real-world workloads," continued the statement. Google engineers project it could serve between six and ten times more tokens per unit of power than the company's newest AI chips, called TPUs, or tensor processing units, The Information said. Frozen would become a more specialized branch of Google's custom-chip portfolio rather than replace its general-purpose TPUs. Read more CNBC tech news Elon Musk's Memphis AI empire is the epicenter of the data center backlash AMD launches Helios, its first rack AI system to rival Nvidia, adding Microsoft as newest buyer TSMC is accelerating Arizona factory build-out to capitalize on AI 'megatrend,' CFO says Leather jacket worn by Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang goes for just under $1 million at Sotheby's auction According to the report, the company is targeting 2028 for deployment. The project is aimed at easing a major internal compute shortage that has fueled tensions and reportedly forced Google Cloud to turn away outside business. Just last month, Google agreed to pay SpaceX nearly $1 billion a month to help bridge the gap and meet its enterprise compute commitments. The trade-off is flexibility. The chip would work with future Gemini models only if Google sticks with the same underlying architecture, according to The Information. Google reportedly currently views Frozen v2 partly as a trial run and does not plan to produce it at the same scale as its TPUs. Google's AI efforts face a more immediate challenge. The next Gemini Pro release is delayed and Google has lost several senior researchers to rivals, as Chinese models gain ground with American businesses. Those models now account for 45% of U.S. company token use. The competitive pressure is only building, with recent new releases from Moonshot AI and Alibaba this weekend narrowing the capability gap. Google DeepMind chief Demis Hassabis is on Capitol Hill this week to pitch lawmakers on a FINRA-style watchdog for AI that would be federally overseen, largely