Skip Navigation Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Markets Europe Markets China Markets Asia Markets World Markets Currencies Prediction Markets Cryptocurrency Futures & Commodities Bonds Funds & ETFs Business Economy Finance Health & Science Media Real Estate Energy Climate Transportation Investigations Industrials Retail Wealth Sports Life Small Business Investing Personal Finance Fintech Financial Advisors Options Action ETF Street Buffett Archive Earnings Trader Talk Tech Cybersecurity AI Enterprise Internet Media Mobile Social Media CNBC Disruptor 50 Tech Guide Politics White House Policy Defense Congress Expanding Opportunity Europe Politics China Politics Asia Politics World Politics Video Latest Video Full Episodes Livestream Top Video Live Audio Europe TV Asia TV CNBC Podcasts CEO Interviews Digital Originals Watchlist Investing Club Trust Portfolio Analysis Trade Alerts Meeting Videos Homestretch Jim's Columns Education Subscribe PRO Pro News Josh Brown Mike Santoli Calls of the Day My Portfolio Livestream Full Episodes Stock Screener Market Forecast Options Investing Chart Investing Subscribe Livestream Menu Make It select USA INTL Livestream Search quotes, news & videos Livestream Watchlist SIGN IN Create free account Markets Business Investing Tech Politics Video Watchlist Investing Club PRO Livestream Menu Tech Trump administration's head of AI safety agency resigns after 3 months on job Published Mon, Jul 20 2026 3:18 PM EDT Updated Mon, Jul 20 2026 4:26 PM EDT Ashley Capoot @/in/ashley-capoot/ WATCH LIVE Key Points Chris Fall, the Trump administration's head of the Center for AI Standards and Innovation, resigned from his role, CNBC confirmed. Arvind Raman, the director of National Institute of Standards and Technology, will serve as acting director of CAISI, according to a Commerce Department spokesperson. CAISI aims to help the government facilitate "testing and collaborative research" around commercial AI systems. U.S. President Donald Trump holds an executive order related to AI after signing it during the "Winning the AI Race" Summit in Washington D.C., U.S., July 23, 2025. Kent Nishimura | Reuters Chris Fall, the head of the Center for AI Standards and Innovation , resigned from his role as director just three months after he was picked for the job by the Trump administration, CNBC confirmed on Monday. CAISI, part of the U.S. Department of Commerce , aims to help the government facilitate "testing and collaborative research" around commercial artificial intelligence systems, according to its website. Commerce Department spokesperson Kristen Eichamer told CNBC that Arvind Raman, the director of National Institute of Standards and Technology, will serve as acting director of CAISI and continue to oversee the agency. Eichamer didn't disclose why Fall, who was tapped to run the organization in April, resigned from his position. Axios was first to report Fall's departure. His exit adds to growing uncertainty surrounding who serves as the Trump administration's point person for AI policy and research. Venture capitalist David Sacks previously held the position of White House AI and crypto czar, but he stepped down from that role in March and has yet to be replaced. It's a particularly sensitive moment for the White House as Chinese open-source models gain traction in the U.S. against big proprietary models from OpenAI and Anthropic. Late last week, Chinese startup Moonshot AI unveiled a new model, Kimi K3, that it says closes the gap with leading U.S. offerings and surpasses OpenAI and Anthropic's most capable systems on some benchmarks. Read more CNBC tech news Elon Musk's Memphis AI empire is the epicenter of the data center backlash AMD launches Helios, its first rack AI system to rival Nvidia, adding Microsoft as newest buyer TSMC is accelerating Arizona factory build-out to capitalize on AI 'megatrend,' CFO says Leather jacket worn by Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang goes for just under $1 million at Sotheby's auction The Trump administration has taken a more hands-on approach to AI regulation since the president signed an AI executive order in June. The order asks AI developers to voluntarily provide models to the government to assess their capabilities ahead of a full release, and it gave federal agencies 60 days to develop an evaluation framework. The process has been murky for companies that have tried to launch powerful new models in the interim. OpenAI said in June that it agreed to limit the rollout of its GPT-5.6 model series to a group of "trusted partners" at the request of the U.S. government. Two weeks earlier, Anthropic had to disable access to its Fable 5 and Mythos 5 models to comply with an  export control  directive that was issued by the Commerce Department. Both companies later managed to release their models more broadly. The Trump administration has taken steps to start implementing the executive order in recent weeks, namely by announcing a clearinghouse called "Gold Eagle." The clea