Skip Navigation Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Markets Europe Markets China Markets Asia Markets World Markets Currencies Prediction Markets Cryptocurrency Futures & Commodities Bonds Funds & ETFs Business Economy Finance Health & Science Media Real Estate Energy Climate Transportation Investigations Industrials Retail Wealth Sports Life Small Business Investing Personal Finance Fintech Financial Advisors Options Action ETF Street Buffett Archive Earnings Trader Talk Tech Cybersecurity AI Enterprise Internet Media Mobile Social Media CNBC Disruptor 50 Tech Guide Politics White House Policy Defense Congress Expanding Opportunity Europe Politics China Politics Asia Politics World Politics Video Latest Video Full Episodes Livestream Top Video Live Audio Europe TV Asia TV CNBC Podcasts CEO Interviews Digital Originals Watchlist Investing Club Trust Portfolio Analysis Trade Alerts Meeting Videos Homestretch Jim's Columns Education Subscribe PRO Pro News Josh Brown Mike Santoli Calls of the Day My Portfolio Livestream Full Episodes Stock Screener Market Forecast Options Investing Chart Investing Subscribe Livestream Menu Make It select USA INTL Livestream Search quotes, news & videos Livestream Watchlist SIGN IN Create free account Markets Business Investing Tech Politics Video Watchlist Investing Club PRO Livestream Menu Tech Archer stock rips 20% higher as company unveils military craft with Anduril Published Mon, Jul 20 2026 12:47 PM EDT Updated Mon, Jul 20 2026 4:02 PM EDT Samantha Subin @samantha_subin WATCH LIVE Key Points Archer Aviation CEO Adam Goldstein said the company is focused on achieving certification by 2028. The company unveiled its autonomous aircraft with Anduril for defense use called Thunder. Certification has taken longer than expected as the industry deals with regulatory and infrastructure hurdles. In this article ACHR Follow your favorite stocks CREATE FREE ACCOUNT watch now VIDEO 3:36 03:36 Archer Aviation CEO Adam Goldstein on new aircraft and LA28 Olympics strategy Squawk on the Street Archer Aviation CEO Adam Goldstein said the company is laser-focused on getting its air taxis certified and flying by the 2028 Olympics in Los Angeles . "It's always been an ambitious goal," he told CNBC's Phil LeBeau on Monday at the Farnborough Air Show in the U.K. "It's still an ambitious goal, but we're certainly going to try our hardest to get there." Archer on Monday unveiled its Thunder autonomous vertical takeoff and landing defense craft with Anduril , designed to accompany crewed aircraft and helicopters. The companies first joined forces in 2024. Shares rallied nearly 20%. The Thunder GTM by Anduril. Courtesy: Anduril Archer is widely known for creating electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft aimed at cutting emissions and traffic in crowded urban areas. However, the technology has faced a series of regulatory and infrastructure hurdles that have pushed back certification timelines . In recent months, Archer and its peers have benefitted from President Donald Trump 's latest eVTOL pilot program aimed at accelerating deployment, with testing across 26 states. "This is really critical to gaining the trust of the public and the trust of the regulators that will ultimately lead to our certification," Goldstein told CNBC. "That step is going to be hugely critical in order to allow us to meet those timelines." Read more CNBC tech news Elon Musk's Memphis AI empire is the epicenter of the data center backlash AMD launches Helios, its first rack AI system to rival Nvidia, adding Microsoft as newest buyer TSMC is accelerating Arizona factory build-out to capitalize on AI 'megatrend,' CFO says Leather jacket worn by Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang goes for just under $1 million at Sotheby's auction Archer and its peers have also steadily expanded their defense portfolios as the U.S. military invests in new technology on the battlefield and adds more artificial intelligence tools. Goldstein called defense applications a "huge market" for Archer amid rising geopolitical tensions abroad. The aircraft also doesn't require the same certification process necessary for commercial use cases, he added. "The applications we can bring in the defense world are quite impressive and very much needed for the warfighter," he said. Archer Aviation stock chart. watch now VIDEO 2:40 02:40 How court battles have delayed the U.S. eVTOL industry’s commercial flight goals Tech Choose CNBC as your preferred source on Google and never miss a moment from the most trusted name in business news. Subscribe to CNBC PRO Subscribe to Investing Club Licensing & Reprints CNBC Councils Join the CNBC Panel Digital Products News Releases Closed Captioning Corrections About CNBC Internships Site Map Careers Help Contact News Tips Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Get In Touch CNBC Newsletters Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Sign Up Now Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info abou