Accessibility links
Skip to main content
Keyboard shortcuts for audio player
Open Navigation Menu
-->
Newsletters
NPR Shop
Get NPR+
Close Navigation Menu
Home
News
Expand/collapse submenu for News
National
World
Politics
Business
Health
Science
Climate
Race
Culture
Expand/collapse submenu for Culture
Books
Movies
Television
Pop Culture
Food
Art & Design
Performing Arts
Life Kit
Gaming
Music
Expand/collapse submenu for Music
Tiny Desk
New Music Friday
All Songs Considered
Music Features
Live Sessions
Podcasts & Shows
Expand/collapse submenu for Podcasts & Shows
Daily
Morning Edition
Weekend Edition Saturday
Weekend Edition Sunday
All Things Considered
Up First
Here & Now
NPR Politics Podcast
Featured
Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me!
Fresh Air
Wild Card with Rachel Martin
It's Been a Minute
Embedded
Get NPR+
More Podcasts & Shows
Search
Newsletters
NPR Shop
Get NPR+
Tiny Desk
New Music Friday
All Songs Considered
Music Features
Live Sessions
About NPR
Diversity
Support
Careers
Press
Ethics
The war in Iran has left hundreds of U.S. diplomats in limbo As the U.S-Iran war ramps up again, hundreds of diplomats are in limbo. The State Department drew down staffing due to Iran's attacks on Gulf states. It's unclear if they'll return to normal business.
World
The war in Iran has left hundreds of U.S. diplomats in limbo
July 20, 2026 4:55 PM ET
Heard on All Things Considered
Michele Kelemen
MIDEAST EMBASSIES
Listen
4:05
4:05
Transcript
Toggle more options
Download
Embed
Embed
< iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5896220/nx-s1-9855887" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player">
Transcript
As the U.S-Iran war ramps up again, hundreds of diplomats are in limbo. The State Department drew down staffing due to Iran's attacks on Gulf states. It's unclear if they'll return to normal business.
Sponsor Message
Transcript
AILSA CHANG, HOST: As the U.S. war against Iran ramps up again, hundreds of U.S. diplomats remain in limbo. The State Department brought them home for security reasons as U.S. facilities across the Middle East were facing Iranian attacks, and all this came as the Trump administration was already shrinking the entire diplomatic core, as NPR's Michele Kelemen reports. MICHELE KELEMEN, BYLINE: Senator Andy Kim once worked at the State Department and says, taking the oath of office there was one of his proudest moments. (SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING) ANDY KIM: A nonpartisan career officer that was focused on what is best for our country. KELEMEN: He was out in the blazing heat on Capitol Hill last week addressing former career professionals who were fired by the Trump administration. Asked what he's hearing from people still inside the State Department about the war with Iran, the New Jersey Democrat told NPR that diplomats don't really know when or if they can get back to their jobs in the region. KIM: I have been hearing a lot of concerns, especially because we have no idea what President Trump is going to do next. I mean, this war has been utterly rudderless. It has been reckless, and we see it now as we're going back into, you know, combat hostilities. So yes, you know, a lot of the officers - State Department officers, other civilians, including our military, as well - I keep hearing from them and their families, just what is happening? KELEMEN: When the war broke out, the State Department scrambled to help Americans leave Gulf countries that were coming under fire from Iran, and U.S. diplomats were evacuated at the same time from Bahrain, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, leaving only enough staff to deal with emergencies. A foreign service officer who lost her job in last year's reorganization, Maryum Saifee, says she tried to pitch in while she was still on administrative leave. MARYUM SAIFEE: When the Iran war initially broke out, there were task forces that were set up. They were understaffed. So we said, well, we're already here. We're getting paid, we speak Arabic. We speak Farsi. I've been evacuated twice from the Middle East, so I know what it's like to evacuate. So I volunteered, and the State Department said, no. We're not interested. KELEMEN: Saifee calls this a waste, since U.S. taxpayers paid for her language training, and it took nearly a year for the State Department to finalize layoffs of foreign service officers like Saifee. She remains in touch with current employees who she says are in the dark about when they might return to posts in the Middle East. SAIFEE: Colleagues on the inside aren't even sure when they're going back, and they're given very little notice, and they just have to live, actually, the way we were living - in limbo - when we were fired and unfired four times over the course of 10 months. KELEMEN: The State Department says it has the personnel it needs, and U.S. embassies remain operational. A statement to NPR says that the objective is to return personnel and their