Accessibility links
Skip to main content
Keyboard shortcuts for audio player
Open Navigation Menu
-->
Newsletters
NPR Shop
Get NPR+
Close Navigation Menu
Home
News
Expand/collapse submenu for News
National
World
Politics
Business
Health
Science
Climate
Race
Culture
Expand/collapse submenu for Culture
Books
Movies
Television
Pop Culture
Food
Art & Design
Performing Arts
Life Kit
Gaming
Music
Expand/collapse submenu for Music
Tiny Desk
New Music Friday
All Songs Considered
Music Features
Live Sessions
Podcasts & Shows
Expand/collapse submenu for Podcasts & Shows
Daily
Morning Edition
Weekend Edition Saturday
Weekend Edition Sunday
All Things Considered
Up First
Here & Now
NPR Politics Podcast
Featured
Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me!
Fresh Air
Wild Card with Rachel Martin
It's Been a Minute
Embedded
Get NPR+
More Podcasts & Shows
Search
Newsletters
NPR Shop
Get NPR+
Tiny Desk
New Music Friday
All Songs Considered
Music Features
Live Sessions
About NPR
Diversity
Support
Careers
Press
Ethics
The war with Iran is escalating. What next? NPR's Ailsa Chang speaks with Suzanne Maloney of the Brookings Institution about the U.S. war with Iran, the increase in hostilities and what it means for the wider region
World
The war with Iran is escalating. What next?
July 20, 2026 3:56 PM ET
Heard on All Things Considered
By
Matt Ozug
Patrick Jarenwattananon
Ailsa Chang
The war with Iran is escalating. What next?
Listen
6:42
6:42
Transcript
Toggle more options
Download
Embed
Embed
< iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5900950/nx-s1-9855968" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player">
Transcript
NPR's Ailsa Chang speaks with Suzanne Maloney of the Brookings Institution about the U.S. war with Iran, the increase in hostilities and what it means for the wider region
Sponsor Message
Transcript
AILSA CHANG, HOST: The U.S.-Iran war is once again escalating. Over the last two weeks, the agreement that was supposed to stop fighting and lead to further negotiations has unraveled. The two sides have traded attacks and counter attacks against not only military targets, but also critical infrastructure, like water treatment facilities. Meanwhile, Iranian missiles and drones have targeted neighboring Gulf states and the U.S. forces based there, claiming the lives of three U.S. service members since Friday. The U.S. has heavily bombarded Iran, and President Trump posted today that Iran will be made to pay for the killing of each American soldier, quote, "several times over." Now, the average price of gas in the U.S. is over $4 a gallon - again, that's according to AAA - as Iran has reasserted control over traffic in the Strait of Hormuz and as the U.S. reinstates a blockade on Iranian ports. For analysis on where we are at this moment in the war, we're joined now by Suzanne Maloney. She's an Iran specialist at the Brookings Institution. Welcome. SUZANNE MALONEY: Thanks so much, Ailsa. CHANG: OK, so this war, I mean, it's been going on for almost five months at this point. Given the latest escalation, Suzanne, how would you characterize where we are in this moment of the conflict? MALONEY: Well, I think what has happened is that the memorandum of understanding, which held for about 3.5 weeks, really wasn't sufficient, wasn't fully understood and agreed to by both sides. There were differing interpretations of key terms, and the Iranians sought to impose their own interpretation, particularly around the passage through the Strait of Hormuz. And the United States has decided that it will not tolerate continued threats by the Iranians and is trying to coerce the Iranians to stand down. I think, ultimately, there isn't really a decisive military solution to this standoff, and I expect at some point we're going to see a resurgence of diplomatic activity. CHANG: Can you also explain, how is Iran taking this conflict to the broader Middle East? Like, put into context not only the fatal attacks we saw on the U.S. base in Jordan, but also attacks on Bahrain, the UAE, Saudi Arabia and so on. MALONEY: Well, from the beginning of the war, the Iranians sought not to try to deter the United States through punishing American forces, but rather by punishing America's partners and allies in the region, striking critical infrastructure, American military bases in the region and soft targets like hotels and airports, as well as economic and energy infrastructure. And all of those responses from Iran had a sufficient cost to begin to change the United States calculus over time, in part because of the intervention of America's partners and allies who were saying, enough is enough. We need to be able to get back to business as usual. We were in the midst of major economic transformation in the case of several of the most important states in the Gulf Cooperation Council - Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates - and they simply want an end to this war, but they're unable to impose one either on the Unite