My husband and I are retired. Our financial adviser, who is in his 30s, called us ‘you guyses.’ Is that unprofessional? Share Resize (9 min) Skip to main content
Investing Personal Finance Retirement Economy Watchlist Account Settings Log In Sign Up Site Search Clear SEARCH Advanced Search  ➔ Search Results Symbols No results found All News Articles Video Podcasts 0 Results No Results Found Authors No results found Sections No results found Columns No results found
Home Retirement The Moneyist The Moneyist My husband and I are retired. Our financial adviser, who is in his 30s, called us ‘you guyses.’ Is that unprofessional? ‘I’m wondering whether I should ask to work with someone closer to our generation’ Updated July 20, 2026, 6:00 a.m. ET Share Resize (9 min) “If his millennial lingo is a sign that he lacks judgment in other areas, you can tell him “you guyses” are splitting up with him.” (Photo subjects are models.) Photo: Getty Images / iStockphoto Dear Quentin, I’m a 67-year-old married woman. I had planned to work until I was 70, but after my husband retired last year, I changed my plans and retired on July 1. I’m enjoying my newfound free time. I was recently contacted by the brokerage firm that manages about $500,000 of my investments. I also have $150,000 in a self-directed workplace account at another brokerage and an emergency fund with roughly two years’ worth of living expenses in the bank.  Copyright © 2026 MarketWatch, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 87990cbe856818d5eddac44c7b1cdeb8
Partner Center
Most Popular
About the Author Quentin Fottrell Quentin Fottrell is MarketWatch's managing editor for advice columns and writes the column The Moneyist. You can follow him on Twitter @quantanamo. Show Conversation (0) Advertisement Advertisement BACK TO TOP A Dow Jones Company Copyright © 2026 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Notice Archive Marketwatch Live Coverage Customer Center Contact Us Newsletters Newsroom Roster Virtual Stock Exchange MarketWatch Guides Copyright Policy Manage Notifications Cancel My Subscription Company Dow Jones Code of Conduct Corrections Reprints & Licensing Digital Self Service Your Ad Choices Corporate Subscriptions Accessibility Dow Jones Network The Wall Street Journal Barron's Investor's Business Daily Financial News London realtor.com Mansion Global Dow Jones Smart Money Intraday Data provided by FACTSET and subject to terms of use . Historical and current end-of-day data provided by FACTSET . All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.